There are over 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we're all about at John Deere. And it's why we're investing in our people and our technology like never before! Here the world's brightest minds are tackling the world's biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we'll put you to work. RIGHT NOW.
John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
Primary Location: United States (US) - Iowa - Dubuque
Function: Data & Analytics (CA)
Title: Data & Analytics Catalyst - 90377
Onsite/Remote:Partial Remote Position
This position is eligible for a flexible work schedule arrangement at the present time. The arrangement may be delayed for training or other job acclimation purposes and remains subject to change.
Visa sponsorship is available for this position.
Your Responsibilities
Work collaboratively with our operations team to identify the biggest opportunities for improvement using data and analytics
Develop the guidelines and governance to make Dubuque’s data easily accessible while keeping our data safe and secure. Ensure these guidelines are connected to the overall Enterprise Data Strategy
Help expand the overall understanding and usage of data within the Dubuque campus
Grow your overall skills in data and analytics tools
What Skills You Need
Strong understanding of data structures and analytic tools
Ability to work with a wide variety of technologies and use of at least one programing language
Proven and effective use of data visualization and reporting tools
Strong communication and facilitation skills Project Management experience to ensure timely completion of projects with the right scope and output by collaborating with team-members to anticipate roadblocks, remove obstacles, proper escalation process, sound project planning, regular achievements tracking, etc.
What Makes You Stand Out
Experience with data and analytics tools such as Ignition, Databricks, Power BI, Tableau, SQL, Python, R, etc.
Understanding of John Deere Dubuque Works data and data environment
Familiarity with John Deere Manufacturing Execution Systems
Operations or Manufacturing experience
Agile Scrum experience
Personable, enthusiastic, strong communicator, and team player
Proven ability to execute projects to completion
Highly self-motivated and directed
Education
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Data Science, Computing, Business, or equivalent work experience
What You'll Get
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go while working in an inclusive team environment. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. Additionally, we offer a comprehensive reward package to help you get started on your new career path, including:
Flexible work arrangements
Highly competitive base pay and performance bonuses
Savings & Retirement benefits (401K and Defined Benefit Pension)
Healthcare benefits with a generous company contribution in the Health Savings Account
Adoption assistance
Employee Assistance Programs
Tuition assistance
Fitness subsidies and on-site gyms at specific Deere locations
Charitable contribution match
Employee Purchase Plan & numerous discount programs for personal use
Click Here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.
The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.
The terms of the applicable benefit plans, and all company actions administering or interpreting these plans, continue to control. Deere & Company reserves the right to suspend, amend, modify, or terminate the Plan(s) in any manner at any time, including the right to modify or eliminate any cost-sharing between the company and participants. Changes, which can be made at any time, are made by action of the company's board of directors, or to the extent authorized by resolution of its board of directors, or by the Deere & Company Compensation Committee. In the event of a conflict between the language of the official Plan Documents and this document, the language of the official Plan Documents will control.
ACA Section 1557 Nondiscrimination Notice
The John Deere Health Benefit Plans for Salaried Employees and The John Deere Benefit Plan for Wage Employees comply with applicable Federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. 