Job Description:
Qualified RN Registered Nurses will be tasked with educating end users on new medical devices used in hospital facilities and other healthcare facilities, primarily in critical care units.
The medical device being represented and educated on medical devices. You are responsible for end-user education only; no sales responsibilities, and no patient care. This medical device educator role allows you to utilize your RN experience in a new way that does not involve patient care. Depending on your current schedule, this type of role can work in conjunction with your current position. Additionally, you will receive exposure to the medical device industry with the potential for long-term career growth in the field. This role has the potential for national and regional travel to support accounts.
Responsibilities:
Provide peer-to-peer education and consultation to RN, Physician, and other healthcare staff in support of end-user education needs in the healthcare setting.Assess customer needs and assist with resolving issues stemming from lack of medical device knowledge or understanding of the particular productAssist in the delivery of medical device-related in-service education to support key customersFollow-up with key accounts and customers to assess unmet education and clinical needs as it relates to successful medical device implementation.
Collaborate with client functional areas:Provide clinical and professional expertise to end users including RN staff, Physicians and other healthcare professionals in a setting without patient careProvide customer feedback to corporate teams to improve new and existing medical devicesServe as an education resource on the particular device
Benefits:
In addition to working with a company that strives to provide employee growth and opportunity, employees have the opportunity to:Develop strong leadership and educator skills and interact with peers in the healthcare setting without patient care responsibilitiesBe at the forefront of cutting edge medical device technologyGain professional growth and exposure to medical device industryAccess to continuing education via Novasyte Learning Center
Job Requirements:
RN Registered Nurse degree – Associates required, Bachelor’s preferredActive and Unrestricted RN licenseICU, ER, Critical Care experience of at least 2 years preferredAbility to travel locally, regionally and nationallyAbility to stand for long periods of time, bend or kneeling may be requiredLeadership experience (Charge Nurse, Clinical Educator, Preceptor, etc.) preferredEnjoys presenting to groupsCustomer-focused
RN1
IQVIA is a leading global provider of advanced analytics, technology solutions and clinical research services to the life sciences industry. We believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. Learn more at https://jobs.iqvia.com
We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all, including veterans and candidates with disabilities. https://jobs.iqvia.com/eoe
As the COVID-19 virus continues to evolve, IQVIA’s ability to operate and provide certain services to customers and partners necessitates IQVIA and its employees meet specific requirements regarding vaccination status. https://jobs.iqvia.com/covid-19-vaccine-status 