Why you may enjoy working at Solaria Labs:
As a Software Development co-op at Solaria Labs, you will design and implement software solutions to solve complex problems. You will have the opportunity to use your development skills to develop and demonstrate disruptive and transformational products as part of an agile development team. We're looking for strong starters who place less emphasis on planning and more emphasis on building.
You want to be part of a collaborative innovation lab: experience both heads down coding time as well as active participation in ideation and product design.
You want to directly work with the business, marketing and user experience teams and be involved with the day-to-day decision making on products.
You are passionate about building and iterating on software prototypes and have a start-up mentality.
You may also enjoy building custom algorithms, digging into data for insights, building engaging interfaces and always looking to sharpen your skills with emerging technology or participating in hackathons and meetups.
Qualifications
You're good at and offer:
Basic knowledge of software engineering languages such as JavaScript (React, Node.js, TypeScript), Python, Java and capability to develop on multiple platforms.
Familiar with software development best practices, including continuous build/integration frameworks, test tools, source code control systems, dependency management tools.
Understanding of agile software development concepts and processes.
Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with significant uncertainty, applying test and learn with rapid iterations to converge on a solution.
Strong collaboration, prioritization, and adaptability skills required.
Location: Solaria Labs, Boston, MA
Qualifications:
Working towards a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Information Systems, Informatics, Management Information Systems, Information Technology, Mathematics or other related technical programs
Strong technical, analytical, communication, & organizational skills
Experience with information systems, software applications and analyzing quantitative information
You have a proven track record of academic success
You are fully authorized to work in the U.S. without restrictions
Who we are:
Solaria Labs was created by Liberty Mutual Insurance with one simple mandate: to create disruptive innovations that will enable a better, safer future. We pursue this mandate by building and testing experimental new products based on customer-centric research around emerging trends.
We've already launched a few products and one company since we started — for examples, see https://www.dwellbeingapp.com/ and https://www.getcertainly.com/. As part of a Fortune 100 company, we have a lot of data to work with and opportunities to improve the lives of millions of customers! We are growing fast and building a team of innovators who are entrepreneurial, passionate about technology, willing to experiment with the latest open source technologies, and are excited to build new products from scratch. Check out https://www.solarialabs.com/ for more details!

Bachelor's Degree

40 