Position Description
US-based only.
Developing database solutions to store and retrieve company information.
Installing and configuring information systems to ensure functionality.
Analyzing structural requirements for new software and applications.
Build code to create databases and data infrastructure focusing on the coding visual aspects of a database, including display icons, buttons and other interactive components.
Coding expertise in the creation of front and back-end code strings for data infrastructure and that automates data retrieval and storage process.
Research and properly evaluate sources of information to determine possible limitations in reliability or usability.
Apply sampling techniques to effectively determine and define ideal categories to be questioned.
Compare and analyze provided statistical information to identify patterns, relationships and problems.
Migrate data from legacy systems to new solutions
Design conceptual and logical data models and flowcharts
Improve system performance by conducting tests, troubleshooting and integrating new elements
Optimize new and current database systems
Define security and backup procedures
Coordinate with the Data Science department to identify future needs and requirements
Provide operational support for Management Information Systems (MIS) and ERPs.
Define and utilize statistical methods to solve industry-specific problems in varying fields, such as economics and engineering.
Prepare detailed reports for management and other departments by analyzing and interpreting data.
Train assistants and other members of the team how to properly organize findings and read data collected.
Design computer code using various languages to improve and update software and applications.
Refer to previous instances and findings to determine the ideal method for gathering data.
Identifying installation solutions for new databases.
Determining the requirements for a new database.
Publishing and/or presenting design reports.
Identifying areas for improvement in current systems.
Coordinating with other team members to reach project milestones and deadlines.
Auditing database regularly to maintain quality.
Creating systems to keep data secure.
Able to compile and organize statistical information retrieved and present findings to management.
Experience working with private and sensitive personal information.
Confident in decision making and the ability to explain processes or choices as needed. 