About you
Mindoula is looking to add an SVP of People Operations to support our fast-growing organization. The right candidate understands what it takes to put processes and procedures in place given the unique needs of a high-growth, venture/PE-backed growth company. This is a highly visible role reporting to the President & Chief Operating Officer. The right candidate is a leader who is not afraid to roll up their sleeves and jump in on day one.
The role
The SVP of People Operations is responsible for providing strategic leadership in executing human resources and talent strategy in support of the overall business strategy - specifically in strengthening all aspects of Mindoula's people operations, including, but not limited to the following areas: employee relations, employee experience, talent management, succession planning, change management, organizational and performance management, benefits and compensation, policy development, legal compliance, and risk management. The SVP of People Operations will work closely with executive leadership to make culture a strong component of the company's corporate strategy.
Are you a match?
We are looking for a dynamic, collaborative leader to provide innovative and custom approaches to employee engagement, culture, human resources, and talent management across the organization. The SVP of People Operations will be someone who can take our unique culture and strengthen it as we grow. The SVP of People Operations will drive vision execution and position the company for rapid scale as we commit to hyper-growth for 2023 and beyond. This position is remote, based within the US, Eastern Time Zone preferred.
What you bring to the job:
Passionate for service, self-motivated needing minimal supervision, naturally persuasive, excellent negotiation and problem-solving skills
Demonstrated business acumen and general management experience and capabilities
Outstanding communication and interpersonal abilities
Willing to go above and beyond the call of duty, work comfortably to influence senior executive team
Ability to multitask, prioritize, meet tight deadlines, be welcoming to change, and demonstrate composure during times of uncertainty and stress
Thorough understanding of human resources and labor relations principles, practices, and procedures
Excellent management skills
Ability to develop and maintain positive relationships across the organization, regardless of title or position
Ability to work and lead in a remote environment.
Ability to create an inclusive virtual environment, regardless of work location
What will make you successful
Bachelor's degree or equivalent; a graduate degree is strongly preferred
10+ years of experience in a senior HR position
In-house experience at a high-growth company a plus
Senior HRCI and or SHRM certification preferred
Proven track record of delivering HR programs within a fast-paced, evolving organization
Knowledge of HIPAA, federal and state regulatory regulations and ability to develop policies and procedures to work within federal and state regulatory rules and regulations
Proven experience mitigating risk, while maintaining culture
Prior experience with state and federal EEOC claims and charges
Proven track record of successful interventions and investigations related to state and federal employment laws
Prior experience working asynchronously across geography and time zones
About Us
Mindoula is a next-generation population health management company that scales the human connection through technology in addressing mind, body, and life challenges. We identify, engage, and serve populations with behavioral health and medical challenges across the continuum of care. Our adaptive data science approach, multi-platform technology stack, and virtual + in-person care extension teams enable our payer and provider partners to achieve improved outcomes and significantly reduced costs by integrating behavioral, medical, and social determinants of health. 