Founded by The Allstate Corporation in 2016, Arity is a data and analytics company focused on improving transportation. We collect and analyze enormous amounts of data, using predictive analytics to build solutions with a single goal in mind: to make transportation smarter, safer and more useful for everyone.

At the heart of that mission are the people that work here—the dreamers, doers and difference-makers that call this place home. As part of that team, your work will showcase both your intelligence and your creativity as you tackle real problems and put your talents towards transforming transportation.

That’s because at Arity, we believe work and life shouldn’t be at odds with one another. After all, we know that your unique qualities give you a unique perspective. We don’t just want you to see yourself here. We want you to be yourself here.
The Team
Our Data Science team is fueled by a passion to impact the future of mobility. We love to find the meaning within the 100’s of billions of miles of driving data we collect each year. We push the boundaries of telematics and transportation by building data and machine learning solutions to power our groundbreaking products. We are a team of data scientists, data engineers, software engineers, and analysts that take full ownership of our use of a variety of languages and techniques and a top-notch technology stack to advance the state of the art for mobility data science. As a part of the team, in collaboration with product owners and other experts, your work will showcase your intelligence and creativity as you solve real problems that will improve transportation and even save lives. Personally, we think that’s pretty game-changing stuff. The Role
We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Data Science Manager for our Insurance Segment. You will lead a team of world-class data scientists and analysts dedicated to creating the best insurance telematics solutions in the market. You will help us build the next generation of driving behaviors and the risk models that insurers will use to make prices both more accurate and fairer. Your team will help us find new sources of telematics and figure out how to leverage them alongside existing ones. You will have influence over our mobile capabilities, backend APIs, and many other aspects of our platform. Rersponsibilities
Be a servant leader for data scientists and analysts through coaching, mentoring and career development
Drive continuous improvement of data science and data engineering practices to create world-class capabilities
Influence the Insurance product strategy and roadmap with your combination of data science expertise and domain experience
Partner with Insurance leaders to translate the roadmap into priorities and tangible tracks of data science and analytics work
Work with stakeholders and your team to ensure all projects have appropriate measures of success, strong acceptance criteria, and good high-level design
Support the Insurance segment in continuing to enhance our culture and effectiveness in operations
Support sales and customer success efforts by demonstrating Arity’s analytics maturity coupled with humility and empathy
Build the Arity technical brand by engaging in conferences, meetups, blogs, and other external public engagements
Drive recruiting by leading efforts to build relationships in the industry, attend career fairs and create strong interviewing pipelines Qualification
Bachelor’s degree in Geospatial Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, or Engineering, or related quantitative field. A Master’s degree is preferred.
At least 5 years of industry experience in data science or related roles, with at least 2 years working in Insurance or InsurTech.
Good understanding of insurance pricing; actuarial experience is valuable, but not essential.
Respected by peers for their technical prowess in R or Python and other ML frameworks
Solid understanding of principles of predictive analytics, machine learning and BI
Experience managing technical teams of data scientists, data engineers, or data analysts
Experience leading end-to-end data science projects to generate measurable business value, including ideation, development, deployment, and maintenance & monitoring
Ability to envision and articulate radical change through highly innovative thought leadership
Inspires, mentors, and enables team to be bold and deliver high quality work
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment with high ambiguity; inspires others to embrace these conditions
Great interpersonal communicator / collaborator with both technical and non-technical team members
Competitive with themselves while being humble
What’s in it for you?
Generous PTO, and plenty of holidays. Take the time you need to refresh.
Medical, Dental, & Vision.
401k with match, plus a pension.
All jobs at Arity are remote. You want to work from a Florida beach for the summer? We’re all adults – go for it.
That’s the day-to-day, now let’s talk about the rest of it. As we mentioned, Arity was founded by The Allstate Corporation. But you’ll be working for—and at—Arity. It’s the best of both worlds. You’ll get access to the full suite of Allstate benefits and work in a fast-paced startup culture. It’s a culture that encourages you to be you.
Sound like a fit? Apply now! We can’t wait to meet you.
Compensation offered for this role is $123,000.00-$169,500.00 per year and is based on experience and qualifications.

The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.
That’s the day-to-day, now let’s talk about the rest of it. As we mentioned, Arity was founded by The Allstate Corporation. But you’ll be working for—and at—Arity. It’s the best of both worlds. You’ll get access to the full suite of Allstate benefits and work in a fast-paced startup culture. That’s more than just free breakfasts and brain breaks. It’s a culture that encourages you to be you.
Sound like a fit? Apply now! We can’t wait to meet you.
Arity.com Instagram Twitter LinkedIn
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.
Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “ here ”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
To view the FMLA poster, click “ here ”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.
It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment 