Who We Are:
Since 1906, New Balance has empowered people through sport and craftsmanship to create positive change in communities around the world. We innovate fearlessly, guided by our core values and driven by the belief that conventions were meant to be challenged. We foster a culture in which every associate feels welcomed and respected, where leaders and creatives are inspired to shape the world of tomorrow by taking bold action today. At New Balance, We Got Now.
JOB MISSION
The Real Estate Data and Analytics Manager will lead the global retail real estate analytics strategy and implementation. This position supports regional real estate teams and global market effectiveness by driving global initiatives from the center using data science applications and analysis. This position will work closely with and report into the Sr. Director for Global Real Estate.
MAJOR ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Product owner for Real Estate Data Model platform for approving new stores and other financial investments
Partner with market Real Estate teams to understand pain points, define business needs, vendor sourcing and devise solutions to drive efficiency
Partner with cross-functional teams including technology, market real estate, and finance teams
Design, manage and validate database for Global Real Estate Systems
Lead the team for gathering data and generating automated and optimized reports for Real Estate committees
Build Tableau/BI dashboards and Alteryx models for data-based analysis and insights to drive investigative analytics strategy
Consolidate/process raw data from multiple sources and build Classification and Clustering models
Create summarized monthly reports for International Real Estate committee
Interact with the Global markets and support them with financial model creation and database onboarding
Drive collaboration through sharing and soliciting data analysis best practices across Global markets
REQUIREMENTS FOR SUCCESS:
Bachelors degree or equivalent combination of educations, skills and experience
5+ years of progressive experience in Real Estate business intelligence and data analytics environments
Ability to design and deliver against global real estate roadmap by enabling the use of data and geospatial analysis (GIS) for Global markets
Vendor management experience
Proven experience with managing critical databases and creating predictive data model algorithms
Experience and ability to collaborate with multi-cultural and multi-functional areas
Must demonstrate an entrepreneurial mindset and ability to apply design-thinking approach
Strong collaboration, stakeholder management, and negotiation skills
Ability to build and communicate effective presentations to multiple stakeholders
Regular Associate Benefits:
Our products are only as good as the people we hire, so we make sure to hire the best and treat them accordingly. New Balance offers a comprehensive traditional benefits package including three options for medical insurance as well as dental, vision, life insurance and 401K. We also proudly offer a slate of more nontraditional perks – opportunities like online learning and development courses, tuition reimbursement, $100 monthly student loan support and various mentorship programs – that encourage our associates to grow personally as they develop professionally. You’ll also enjoy a yearly $1,000 lifestyle reimbursement, 4 weeks of vacations, 12 holidays and generous parental leave, because work-life balance is more than just a buzzword – it’s part of our culture.
Learn more about our Benefits
Temporary associate benefits will be communicated separately.
Flexible Work Schedule:
New Balance is committed to creating a culture that allows our associates to do their best work. Our corporate work-from-home policy does not mandate an arbitrary number of days in-office. Instead, we’ve designed a flexible hybrid model that empowers individual teams by letting the type of work dictate where it will most effectively be performed. We are capitalizing on this unique opportunity to evolve how we work based on efficiency, productivity, and the well-being of our associates.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
New Balance provides equal opportunities for all current and prospective associates and takes affirmative action to ensure that employment, training, compensation, transfer, promotion and other terms, conditions and privileges of employment are provided without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, handicap, genetic information and/or status as an Armed Forces service medal veteran, recently separated veteran, qualified disabled veteran or other protected veteran. 