At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.
Strategic Sourcing & Procurement (SS&P) is a corporate strategic sourcing group that serves BMS's global business units by identifying and executing sourcing strategies to meet their needs. The Associate Director, R&D Category, Real World Data & Analytics efforts and strategy will focus on shaping real world data strategy & how we develop new assets in our early & late development portfolio. The role will also collaborate with the business to identify gaps and opportunities for the effective utilization of RWD as well as build and champion external partnerships to help solve problems now and in the future.
Major Responsibilities and Accountabilities:
This role will manage Real World Data category strategy in support of business functions such as Business Insights & Analytics-R&D, Health Economics & Outcomes Research, Pharmacovigilance, Epidemiology, Bioinformatics and other related areas as needed.
Be up to date on the current & developing RWD vendor market and identify new opportunities/vendors/partnerships.
Understand R&D’s needs and translate into actionable sourcing strategies that drive value. Anticipate, develop and maintain plans to ensure appropriate RWD vendor portfolio, ongoing cost management, and continuous improvement of value from the supply base.
Gather R&D business requirements and articulate needs and value proposition when interacting with non-R&D business units.
Manage sourcing processes, procedures, supplier and category segmentation, metrics/KPI development and application, scorecard format, contract management, etc.
Additional Duties Assigned
Responsible for continual monitoring of market dynamics that may impact category strategies including preferred supplier monitoring/risk mitigation.
Develop and implement channel strategies for segmenting workload and prioritizing resources/channels for each segment of spend/risk.
Supplier Relationship Management: Develop, evaluate and manage relationships with suppliers, including a robust contribution of small/diverse suppliers that meets and/or exceeds objectives
Perform cost benefit analysis (including make/buy analyses) and FMV
Leads development and evaluation of supplier Requests for Information/Proposal/Quote with pertinent specifications, terms and conditions.
Partner with & mentor Sourcing Excellence in negotiations and/or issue contracts, collaborating with the legal department when required.
Qualifications:
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree is required, fields of science preferred
Minimum 7 years of business experience, 5 years procurement experience, pharmaceutical company or CRO preferred.
Proficient working knowledge of biopharmaceutical R&D, Real World Data and corresponding channels, Business Analytics, Data Service providers, clinical trials (end-to-end and functional activities), and Contract Research Organizations (sourcing or otherwise).
Experience in evaluating the market, assessing suppliers, conducting make vs. buy analysis, contracting and financial analysis.
Experience with: Internal stakeholder management, data/information management, category management, process redesign and continuous improvement, project management, and performance measurement skills Working knowledge of: procurement processes, contracting, financial analysis, market analysis, supplier analysis, supplier diversity, supplier management.
Preferred Qualifications:
Familiarity with various R&D subject areas including Health Economics & Outcomes Research, Pharmacovigilance, Epidemiology and Bioinformatics.
Knowledge and proficiency with SAP, ICERTIS and/or Ariba system
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, inclusive of pivot tables.
Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.
Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.
Physical presence at the BMS worksite or physical presence in the field is an essential job function of this role which the Company deems critical to collaboration, innovation, productivity, employee well-being and engagement, and enhances the Company culture.
To protect the safety of our workforce, customers, patients and communities, the policy of the Company requires all employees and workers in the U.S. and Puerto Rico to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, unless they have received an exception based on an approved request for a medical or religious reasonable accommodation. Therefore, all BMS applicants seeking a role located in the U.S. and Puerto Rico must confirm that they have already received or are willing to receive the full COVID-19 vaccination by their start date as a qualification of the role and condition of employment. This requirement is subject to state and local law restrictions and may not be applicable to employees working in certain jurisdictions such as Montana. This requirement is also subject to discussions with collective bargaining representatives in the U.S.
Our company is committed to ensuring that people with disabilities can excel through a transparent recruitment process, reasonable workplace adjustments and ongoing support in their roles. Applicants can request an approval of accommodation prior to accepting a job offer. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application or if you are applying to a role based in the U.S. or Puerto Rico and you believe that you are unable to receive a COVID-19 vaccine due to a medical condition or sincerely held religious belief, during or any part of the recruitment process, please direct your inquiries to adastaffingsupport@bms.com. Visit careers.bms.com/eeo-accessibility to access our complete Equal Employment Opportunity statement.
BMS will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, pursuant to applicable laws in your area.
Any data processed in connection with role applications will be treated in accordance with applicable data privacy policies and regulations. 