Looking for an opportunity to make an impact?
Leidos is a FORTUNE 500 company bringing a mix of innovative technology and sector expertise to customers in the national security, engineering, and the health industries. At Leidos, we deliver innovative solutions through the efforts of our diverse and talented people who are dedicated to our customers’ success. We empower our teams, contribute to our communities, and operate sustainable. Everything we do is built on a commitment to do the right thing for our customers, our people, and our community. Our Mission, Vision, and Values guide the way we do business.
Your greatest work is ahead!
Leidos is hiring an Information Technology (IT) Service Delivery Manager to support the Air Force National Capital Region (AFNCR) IT Services (ITS) program at Joint Base Andrews (JBA), MD and Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling, DC. The successful candidate will assist the Government staff by developing, maintaining, and improving the AFNCR ITS Catalog and provide continuous process improvement analysis in support of those services.
If this sounds like the kind of environment where you can thrive, keep reading!
Leidos Defense Group provides a diverse portfolio of systems, solutions, and services covering land, sea, air, space, and cyberspace for customers worldwide. Solutions for Defense include enterprise and mission IT, large-scale intelligence systems, command and control, geospatial and data analytics, cybersecurity, logistics, training, and intelligence analysis and operations support. Our team is solving the world’s toughest security challenges for customers with “can’t fail” missions. To explore and learn more, click here!
Are you ready to make an impact? Begin your journey of a flourishing and meaningful career, share your resume with us today!
Primary Responsibilities:
Lead a contract team, augmenting the Government staff, in building and updating the AFNCR ITS Catalog.
Ensure the underlying processes for service execution, fulfillment, and delivery are operating effectively and efficiently.
Analyze service request templates, ticket queue routing, Remedy processes, and monitoring tools for continuous improvement, efficiency, and effectiveness.
Develop and/or modify Remedy service request templates.
Engage customers to ensure catalog items provide desired affects and recommend changes as required.
Oversee development and sustainment of the AFNCR customer-facing, electronic Service Catalog.
Engage stakeholders and customers to ensure the customer-facing Service Catalog is effective and user-friendly.
Collaborate with teammates to develop, modify, and update Service Catalog items.
Develop and execute the Service Catalog training program, ensuring customers are familiar with the contents and able to make requests, track status, and provide feedback efficiently.
Develop and execute the Service Fulfillment training program, ensuring AFNCR ITS technicians are familiar with catalog offerings and how to receive, document, execute, and deliver services.
Basic Qualifications:
Possess a current, DoD Secret clearance.
A Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as System Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering Science, Engineering Management, or related discipline with 12+ years of experience; or a master's degree with10+ years of experience, additional years of experience may be used in lieu of degree.
Demonstrated experience with BMC Remedy and its Digital Workspace Catalog.
Preferred Qualifications:
Prior experience as a Service Delivery Manager in an Air Force or other military organization
Current, DoD 8570-compliant certification (e.g., Security + w/CE) prior to start
Pay Range:
Pay Range $101,400.00 - $156,000.00 - $210,600.00
The Leidos pay range for this job level is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include (but are not limited to) responsibilities of the job, education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity, alignment with market data, applicable bargaining agreement (if any), or other law. 