Why Mayo Clinic

Mayo Clinic is the nation's best hospital (U.S. News & World Report, 2020-2021) and ranked #1 in more specialties than any other care provider. We have a vast array of opportunities ranging from Nursing, Clinical, to Finance, IT, Administrative, Research and Support Services to name a few. Across all locations, you’ll find career opportunities that support diversity, equity and inclusion. At Mayo Clinic, we invest in you with opportunities for growth and development and our benefits and compensation package are highly competitive. We invite you to be a part of our team where you’ll discover a culture of teamwork, professionalism, mutual respect, and most importantly, a life-changing career!

Mayo Clinic offers a variety of employee benefits. For additional information please visit Mayo Clinic Benefits. Eligibility may vary.

Position description
The Supply Chain Operations Business / Data Analyst role is responsible for evaluating business processes, making recommendations, developing innovative solutions, and improving processes using digital standards and technology. The Analyst will make significant contributions to the organization by identifying and driving strategic, tactical, operational, and total-cost improvement projects by orchestrating enterprise, site, and supplier resources.

The analyst needs to have a strong background in supply chain, finance, business/data analytics, engineering or healthcare, with expertise in Lean/Six Sigma, business process engineering, project management, and digital technology, including the use of leading intelligence applications. Analysts must exhibit diplomacy, tact, initiative, and organizational skills, as well as possess ability to inspire trust and confidence, communicate effectively with internal and external audiences and demonstrate ability to maintain outstanding customer relations.

Requires individual who is self-directed, can effectively multi-task, and handle ambiguity well. Analyst must also stay abreast of current industry trends and establish new methodologies for data driven process improvement and digital enablement. The Analyst will also be responsible for maintaining the organization’s project portfolio, advising on strategic initiatives, and tracking value and total cost reduction. May participate in and/or lead industry advisory and/or user groups. Must be highly articulate in both oral and written communications, including presentations with the ability to logically translate and disseminate technology and process insights to non-technical stakeholders.

In the future, the position may manage a small team of supply chain operational or technical staff members.
Position Annual Salary Range: $97,344 - $136,260

Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree and a minimum of eight (8) years' relevant experience in health care, finance, accounting, business, or systems; certifications may be considered in lieu of experience; Or, Master's degree in health care, finance, accounting, business, or systems with 5 years' relevant experience in noted areas; certifications may be considered in lieu of experience.

NOTE: All applicants must have complete and up to date application and current resume in order to be considered.

Internal Employees also need to do the below in order to be considered:
Attach last three performance appraisals electronically to application in applicant tracking system.
Exceptions apply where three performance appraisals do not exist; in these cases, attach appraisals that are available.


Additional qualifications

Demonstrated organizational skills with the ability to function independently required.

Demonstrated oral communication skills required.

Knowledge of DRG, CPT and ICD-9 coding and medical terminology preferred.

Highly developed understanding of accounting and finance practices.

Advanced knowledge of Microsoft applications including Word, Excel and Outlook.

Strong investigational skills, shows attention to detail, accuracy and ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks. Solid customer-service skills; understands and addresses customer needs in a timely manner.

Ability to work in a team environment and develop constructive working relationships with others.

Experience should encompass all aspects of SCM, with a focus on developing and implementing innovative strategies designed to reduce SCM expenses and/or enhance revenue.

Thorough experience with related products within clinical expertise areas preferred.

Demonstrated abilities in developing strong relationships with physicians, clinicians, executives and vendors in order to facilitate and enhance SCM best business practices leading to extensive year over year non-labor SCM expense reductions.

License or certification

Lean and Six Sigma ASQ Certification, AHRMM CMRP, PMP, or other SCM or related industry certifications preferred. Mayo Quality Fellows Silver and Gold Certification preferred.

Exemption status

Exempt

Compensation Detail

Education, experience and tenure may be considered along with internal equity when job offers are extended. The minimum salary every 2 weeks is approximately $3670.40, based on a full-time position.

Benefits eligible

Yes

Schedule

Full Time

Hours / Pay period

80

Schedule details

Monday - Friday; 8am-5pm

NOTE: May split time between campus and working from home remotely less than 50%

Weekend schedule

Rare weekend engagements.

International Assignment

No

Site description

Mayo Clinic is located in the heart of downtown Rochester, Minnesota, a vibrant, friendly city that provides a highly livable environment for more than 34,000 Mayo staff and students. The city is consistently ranked among the best places to live in the United States because of its affordable cost of living, healthy lifestyle, excellent school systems and exceptionally high quality of life.

Recruiter

LaTavish Smalls

EOE

As an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer Mayo Clinic is committed to creating an inclusive environment that values the diversity of its employees and does not discriminate against any employee or candidate. Women, minorities, veterans, people from the LGBTQ communities and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply to join our teams. Reasonable accommodations to access job openings or to apply for a job are available. 