Equivalent Experience

** FULLY REMOTE**
Description:
Boldt is currently looking for a new Data Analytics Manager. Their former Data Analytics Manager recently moved into a different role for the company. Boldt is pretty much right at the beginning of their data warehouse journey and are starting to integrate their construction and safety data into a data warehouse. Since they are right at the beginning, they are looking for someone that can interface with upper management, understand their needs and then build the roadmap to get their data warehouse up and running. Another piece of the job will be Power BI related. They currently have 850 active Power BI licenses but only 225 people are actually using it. This person will be tasked with helping different departments and people understand why they should be using it, which instances to use it, and how to use it effectively. They know that they'll never get to all 850 people actually using Power BI, but they know that there are many people that could be leveraging the tool that are not leveraging it because they don't know how or when to properly use it. Their ideal candidate would be someone that has build a data warehouse, has led smaller teams of 2-5 employees, and has experience working with both Power BI and Snowflake. The would prefer someone to already have Power BI experience but are open to other visualization tools as well. Snowflake is a nice to have and is not a requirement. As it stands currently, the only data that exists in Snowflake is their ERP data and that is out of necessity because when they try to run reports directly out of their ERP (CMIC) the system gets completely bogged down.
A typical day for this person will include gathering requirements from HR, Finance, and Operations to really understand what they need. This person will not be doing any of the hands on building/development, but will be making sure they understand which tools they should be using, evaluating current tools, and researching new tools that they could possibly leverage in their environment.
The salary range for this position is $115K-$140K and they would entertain contract to hire or direct hire.
Skills:
power bi, snowflake, data warehouse, requirement gathering, management skills
Top Skills Details:
power bi, snowflake, data warehouse, requirement gathering, management skills
Additional Skills & Qualifications:Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Business Analytics, or related field.5+ years of experience in developing and leading analytics projects.2+ years of supervisory experience.Proficiency in modern cloud data analytics architectures including cloud data warehousing, data integration, data lakes, data modeling, and data
visualization.Demonstrate curiosity and problem-solving abilities with focus on accuracy and timeliness.Self-starter, results driven with high degree of energy, passion, tenacity, and creativity.Strong observation, listening, and written/oral communication skills required and desire to learn and grow.Demonstrable ability to collaborate, read the room, and build consensus.Professional and positive demeanor with internal and external customers.Ability to maintain confidentiality around sensitive data.
Experience Level:
Expert Level
About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company.
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. 