Accenture Federal Services delivers a range of innovative, tech-enabled services for the U.S. Federal Government to address the complex, sensitive challenges of national security and intelligence missions.

Refer a qualified candidate and earn up to $10K. Learn more here >

Job Description:

The Data Modeler will Responsible for leading the development, validation, publishing, and maintenance of logical and physical data models required to implement business processes and solutions. The role will be responsible for:

Developing new and modifying existing data models to support data engineering activities.
Understanding data from multiple datasets in their source format
Communicate with technical and business stakeholders of data
Conduct business process analysis and requirements gathering to develop formal data structures
Research and evaluate technical aspects of IT systems with respect to data handling and analysis capabilities and constraints.
Research and evaluate the user experience and methods employed by users of various IT systems.

Here's what you need:

3+ years of experience in Data modeling and Data mapping skills
Hands on experience with SQL.

Bonus points if you have:

Bachelor's degree in Data Analytics, Data Science, Computer Science or Information Systems or equivalent experience required Master s degree preferred
Understanding of DAMA DMBOK or CDMP certification
Experience working with the FIB DM industry model
Experience performing data discovery analysis and profiling
Experience creating source to target mappings for both batch and real time data
Ability to work on a team in a diverse multiple stakeholder environment
Strong consulting and communication skills
Ability to work effectively with various organizations in pursuit of problem solutions

Security Clearance:

Maintain a TS/SCI w/Poly clearance

As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Accenture Federal Services provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $88,100 - $123,400 and information on benefits offered is here.

Eligibility Requirements

US Citizenship required.

Important information

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture Federal Services

Accenture Federal Services is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role. Accenture Federal Services is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women. Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

COVID-19 update:

The safety and well-being of our candidates, our people and their families continues to be a top priority. Until travel restrictions change, interviews will continue to be conducted virtually. Subject to applicable law, please be aware that Accenture requires all employees to be fully vaccinated as a condition of employment. Accenture will consider requests for accommodation to this vaccination requirement during the recruiting process.

What We Believe

We have an unwavering commitment to diversity with the aim that every one of our people has a full sense of belonging within our organization. As a business imperative, every person at Accenture has the responsibility to create and sustain an inclusive environment. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and core values. Our rich diversity makes us more innovative and more creative, which helps us better serve our clients and our communities. Read more here

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement

Accenture is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We believe that no one should be discriminated against because of their differences, such as age, disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity and expression, religion or sexual orientation.

All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.

For details, view a copy of the Accenture Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policy Statement.

Requesting An Accommodation

Accenture is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for persons with disabilities or religious observances, including reasonable accommodation when needed. If you are hired by Accenture and require accommodation to perform the essential functions of your role, you will be asked to participate in our reasonable accommodation process. Accommodations made to facilitate the recruiting process are not a guarantee of future or continued accommodations once hired.

If you would like to be considered for employment opportunities with Accenture and have accommodation needs for a disability or religious observance, please call us toll free at 1 (877) 889-9009, send us an email or speak with your recruiter.

Other Employment Statements

The Company will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Additionally, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company's legal duty to furnish information. 