Job QualificationsDirector, Data Analytics & Decision Support (“DADS”)Position HighlightsThe Department of DADS is a collaborative, data driven team who, through the use of technology and industry best practices, facilitates ethical and compliant decision making throughout Boa Vida Healthcare, LLC (“BVH”) in support of its mission, vision, values and strategies. The Director, DADS, reporting directly to the BVH President, will have responsibility for assisting and supporting the BVH President in all DADS functions including the implementation and review of processes and systems within DADS as well as the oversight and management of compliance, business intelligence and analytics solutions. He/she will be directly responsible for management of the day-to-day operations of the department and supervision of the staff. The Director, DADS, is responsible for working with departmental leadership in designing analytic solutions that provide mechanisms for dissemination of data and information to clinical and operational leaders throughout the Institution. He/she exemplifies the BVH mission, vision and values and acts in accordance with policies and procedures.Position Responsibilities· Assists President in organizing, managing and coordinating the decision support/financial analysis function for the system: Revenue Cycle, Finance, Cost Report, Business Development· Provides leadership for these functions and manages staff necessary to achieve goals.· Managing and expanding the capabilities of technologies that deliver enterprise-wide reporting and analytics· Along with BVH President and clinical/operational leadership, designs standard service line report package, and oversees development of tools for self-service reporting and analysis. Reports includes but is not limited to; service line profitability analyses, payer profitability analysis, consolidated service line reporting, physician profitability reporting, Revenue Cycle KPI analysis, Medicare Cost Report Analysis· Works closely with Information Systems in development and maintenance of systems, ensures interfaces to and from the decision support system are appropriately maintained.· Oversees staff in review and updating of cost assumptions and overhead models to ensure accurate analyses, including reconciliation to other systems and sources. Mentors staff in guiding cost analysis process and practices by establishing and enforcing policies and procedures.· Conducts analyses and prepares reports, as well as interprets data, and prepares presentations for senior management.· Oversees development of standards for the form, structure and attributes of the business intelligence tools.· Acts as a responsible data curator, advocating for and participating in required Data Governance activities.· Fosters process improvements.· Maintains team results through training, counseling & developing personal growth opportunities.· Performs other related duties as assigned.Position Qualifications Include· Master's degree in Business or Health Administration. Bachelor's degree with relevant experience will be considered.· 8-10 years of experience in decision support and/or healthcare analytics, including cost accounting, service line profitability and dashboard reporting.· Strong analytical and technical expertise in developing business intelligence solutions/tools/reports.· Ability to work independently and as a leader/member of a team.· Excellent conceptual, analytical, and quantitative skills.· Ability to translate business needs into reporting solution.· Ability to communicate effectively with senior leadership, and clinical/non-clinical management and staff. Able to present complex information in an understandable and compelling manner.· Working knowledge of Business Objects Enterprise portfolio of products, Microsoft Business intelligence tools, Tableau, or Crystal Reports.· Common office tools (e.g. Microsoft Office Suite, Visio, e-mail).· Medicare Cost Report experience minimum 5 years.Specific Duties1. File Quarterly and Annual Medicare Cost Reports (“MCR”)2. File Medicare Credit Balance Reports3. Monitor Revenue Cycle KPIs4. Monitor Finance KPIs5. Support Chief Strategy Officer6. Support Revenue Cycle and Finance Director7. Analyze and Develop new business relationshipsJob Type: Full-timePay: $80,000.00 - $140,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceMedical specialties:Primary CareSchedule:8 hour shiftDay shiftMonday to FridayEducation:Master's (Preferred)Experience:Hospital Cost Prep: 5 years (Preferred)Medicare Credit Balance Reports: 5 years (Preferred)Medicare Cost Reports (MCR): 5 years (Preferred)Critical Access Hospital: 5 years (Preferred)Work Location: Remote 