Sunrise Data Services is a data management company, supporting the marketing and fundraising efforts of our clients. We are a data strategy and data management partner, for conservative fundraising agencies and marketing companies to drive better decisions and results from our expertise and database solutions. Our software solutions and web applications provide our clients access to campaign reporting, donor management and data analysis needed to drive data-driven decision making. Sunrise performs analysis, reporting, and hygiene on donor data and marketing data, which result in better targeting and performance for our clients. The Data Specialist will manage client accounts and oversee data processing, reporting, and communication in regards to donor and direct mail fundraising appeals.
Responsibilities
Accurately select data based on client orders. Ensure requirements are understood and ask questions or make recommendations based on best practices.
Review, prepare and analyze incoming and outgoing data files. Ensure quality and accuracy guidelines are met.
Data Entry for Database Removes, Data Entry for donation records, and Database Hygiene.
Ensure quality control steps are followed based on data best practices and client preferences.
Communicate directly with vendors and clients on order status and requests.
Prepare data and reports for fundraising appeals. Direct mail data and reporting will include postal reporting.
Track projects through project management system. Keep detailed status updates on projects and requests.
Core Competencies
Data Entry and attention to detail for quality control
Hard worker with strong attention to detail and understanding of desired outcomes
Works well with a team and is able to collaborate on ideas and solutions, leading to strong results
Engaged in the goals and mission of our company and our clients
Excellent attitude and mindset. Self-driven and motivated, focused on growth and improvement
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Data Analytics or related field
Experience in Quality Control and Job Oversight
Interest in data management
Strong Excel skills is a plus
Experience with SQL is a plus
High level of interest in Marketing and Fundraising
Comprehensive Benefits:
 This is a full-time position with a comprehensive benefits package including: health, dental, 401K and bonus plan eligibility.
Competitive salary package
Medical, Dental, and Vision Care
401 with employer match
New business referral bonuses
Spot and annual bonuses
PTO and paid holidays
Professional development opportunities
Company incentive trips
Company-provided life insurance and short-term disability insurance
Benefits of a startup environment with corporate advantages, including career training, team-building trips, and networking events
Want to make an impact and help grow a dynamic data marketing agency? Tell us your story, submit cover letter, salary requirements, and resume. For further company details, please visit our website: https://www.sunrisedataservices.com.
﻿
#ind 