Join Our Team! OddBytes is looking for our next amazing hire! Adding to the Data Analytics team, the right candidate will have experience with communicating a business-impact driven narrative of data insights to business teams and is comfortable working with a remote US and internationally based team and company across multiple priorities and communication channels.

Did we mention that we’re fully remote? At OddBytes, we’ve found that life is just better with a fully remote workforce, and we operate in a 100% work from home model. We’re most productive when our work life acts in harmony with the rest of our lifestyle, and our culture reflects that.

Key Responsibilities

Be a consultant to business teams to help them identify their needs
Respond to requests for ad-hoc day-of queries
Conducting analysis stemming from business operations and system operation-related questions
Identifying, analyzing, interpreting, and notifying trends or patterns in complex data sets
Learning business side processes and systems to understand how to make insights actionable and determine which insights are actionable
Conducting business intelligence analysis to discovery business opportunities and inefficiencies
Presenting an analytical narrative to management and business leaders from the perspective of business impact
Product and maintain reporting and dashboarding for developers, business operations, and executive -level consumption using tools such as Zeppelin, Imply Pivot, and Superset
Assisting in defining, standardizing and documenting KPIs, metrics, and measures with engineering, management, and business leaders
Conducting general data management tasks of investigating data anomalies and reporting accuracies in addition to filtering and cleaning data
 Skills & Experience

 3+ years of data analyst experience
 Must have in depth experience in:

Querying log data to construct aggregated data sets
Presenting analysis conclusions in verbal and written form
Data visualization platforms
Working with multiple cross system multi-dimensional data structures
Strong math and statistical skills
Strong interest in impactful analysis
Strong Cohort analysis skills
Strong Analysis Presentation skills
Strong verbal and written English communication skills
 Must have some experience in:

Demonstrating intellectual curiosity and initiative
Data Visualization
Utilizing business intelligence and analytics tools, such as:
Scripting Language (Python, SQL)
Microsoft Excel
Tableau
Imply Pivot
Google Analytics
 Preferable experience in:

Working in fast-paced environments
Working in the digital advertising industry or broadly in the digital online industry
Defining success metrics and KPIs
Creating analytical narratives
 ABOUT OddBytes:

We offer a competitive base salary, commissions, 401K match and world-class benefits!
We’re in the business of connecting people to more of what they'll love.

Our products are never complete. We are always looking for new, innovative ways to introduce people to things that match their lifestyle.

Our team of oddballs are no strangers to the world of digital marketing. Backed by 15+ years of experience, our team is led by top experts in product marketing, ecommerce, and browser apps.
OddBytes is an Equal Opportunity Employer, providing equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals. We recruit, hire and promote into all job levels the most qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, national origin, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), parental status, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, veteran status, gender identity or expression, transgender status, sexual orientation, marital, family or partnership status, political affiliation or activities, military service, immigration status, or any other status protected under applicable federal, state and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know in advance.

Learn more about us at www.oddbytes.com 