FocusKPI is looking for a Junior Data Scientist to work for our internal projects.
Work Location: Remote, EST preferred.
Responsibilities:
Work in an agile, collaborative environment, partnering with other scientists, engineers, and database administrators of all backgrounds and disciplines to bring analytical rigor and statistical methods to the challenges of predicting behaviors.
Build business intelligence dashboards for internal leaders and stakeholders to track key performance indicators
Assist Senior Strategy Analysts and Senior Data Scientists in project management of strategic initiatives
Create presentations and financial models to communicate new strategic ideas for internal departments
Implement and validate predictive models as well as create and maintain statistical models with a focus on big data.
Explain complex modeling approaches in simple terms and develop compelling narratives that connect modeling results with business problems
Partner with cross-functional team to streamline data science solutions
Qualifications:
Advanced degree in data science, computer science or similar disciplines
1 to 3 years of of industry experience in data science, measurement, marketing strategy, data analytics.
Experience working with large datasets and using practical statistical analyses
Proficiency with data warehouses, cloud computing, data storage, and ETLs.
Proficiency with one or more data aggregation and analysis languages: Python (highly preferred), R, etc.
Familiarity with SQL and relational databases
Extensive experience with predictive modeling algorithms
Familiarity with building data visualization dashboards using Tableau
Willingness and ability to quickly learn new technology and apply it to achieve business objectives
Building analytical tools to utilize the data pipeline, providing actionable insight into key marketing metrics
Focus on accuracy and attention to detail
Must be a self-starter: quick learner, intuitive and proactive
Thank you for applying!
FocusKPI Hiring Team
Founded in 2010, FocusKPI, Inc. (FocusKPI) is a data science and technology firm specializing in predictive analytics practice and methodologies. FocusKPI is a US company headquartered in Silicon Valley, California with an East Coast office in Boston, Massachusetts.
2RpMhNUBCe 