Company Description: Flashpoint delivers actionable intelligence that empowers organizations of all sizes to take rapid, decisive actions to protect against threats. The company's technology, advanced data collections, and human-powered analysis uniquely enable teams to mitigate threats related to cybersecurity, fraud, insider threats, corporate and physical security, executive protection, and third-party risk. For more information, visit https://www.flashpoint.io/ or follow us on Twitter at @FlashpointIntel.What are we looking forOur best engineers are collaborative and selfless. They enjoy writing code but they prioritize mentoring and supporting others. They leave code cleaner than when they found it but don't insist on particular patterns. They optimize for simplicity and readability. They are involved in the full lifecycle of software development: understanding the requirements, designing the solution, writing the code, testing the code, testing the integration, deploying it to production, and monitoring the deployment. They are fully engaged in the problem domain.We see it as a prerequisite that candidates possess and demonstrate a desire to lead from the front in improving a supportive, empathetic team; we expect candidates to be trusted and beloved by their teammates such that they become technical and emotional anchors for the rest of the team and department.What you will doHelp build and maintain our data infrastructure.Become an expert in Apache Beam.Create observability tooling to help other teams debug, understand, and tune their big data jobs and pipelines.Assist and mentor other teams with building and managing their data pipelines.Identify and write tools to automate data processes and deployments to drive process improvementsCreate maintainable, scalable code to address data needsWrite empathetic documentation and runbooks to enable your team to be force multipliers for each other.Help bring in new technologies and develop innovative approaches to the data challenges we face.Apply your honesty, strong sense of morals and ethics, and sense of responsibility towards making Flashpoint and those around you smarter, stronger, and kinder.What you will bring4-8 years experience contributing to production systems or other relevant experience.Experience working with big data: distributed data systems and frameworks.Proficient with Java or Scala.Experience working with queuing systems and stream processing patterns.Experience with SQL schema design and data warehousing.Solid foundation in computer science fundamentals from data structures and algorithms to high level design patterns.Excellent analytical, problem solving and technical skills.Demonstrated ability to learn and leverage new technologies.Basic understanding of privacy and security.An organized work ethic.A humble attitude and persistence to learn and to Get Stuff Done Right.What else would be greatExperience with public cloud data services.Experience with Spark, Hive, and/or Hadoop.Experience working with data science teams.Experience with automating infrastructure using leading cloud providers.Proficiency with Python.Why Flashpoint is a Great Place to Work: Diversity. Flashpoint is committed to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture of diversity, inclusion, belonging, and equity. We recognize that diversity is key to achieving our vision. We believe that every person and their experiences contribute to building a work environment and a product that will change the world.Culture and Belonging. Our company's culture isn't something you join, it's something you build and shape, and each person's unique backgrounds and experiences contribute to who Flashpoint is and will become. You will have ample opportunities to connect with coworkers through various communication channels and company-funded events: dietary & allergy conscious catered lunches, book clubs, happy hours, committees and much more.Benefits. We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, including unlimited PTO, 401(K), mental health and wellness benefits, commuter benefits, and generous parental leave policies.Perks. Flashpoint understands that personal wellness is one of the keys to a happy, healthy and productive work environment. That's why we also prioritize health and wellness perks like gym reimbursements and daily meditation, well-stocked kitchens, cool cultural initiatives and inclusive employee events.Career Growth. Flashpoint is invested in the growth of our team members and understands that frequent, two-way feedback is critical to that growth. We encourage regular one-on-ones with your manager, a regular schedule of performance reviews, learning and development opportunities, and guidance through formalized career paths; whether that be towards being a great manager, being a great individual contributor, or a lateral move to gain breadth of knowledge and experience.A Great Place to Work. Literally. According to the 99% of employees surveyed, Flashpoint earned designation as a Great Place to Work-Certified™ Company for 2021. 100% of employees agree that new hires are made to feel welcome and appreciated. If you are interested in learning more, please check out our Certified Profile.Job Type: Full-time 