Client is not able to do sponsorship visas and for this role, Entry level, 0-1 years' experience please do not apply. Thanks! Check out our other postings for possible matches.
Paul May Associates over 30 years recruiting services finding better jobs and careers one person at a time.
Job Title: Python Data Developer
Location: Greater St. Louis - Preference in office Clayton Hybrid 2 days offsite! This person needs to be in the greater St. Louis, MO area but will have flexibility in working/scheduling. Great benefits including breakfast and lunch daily from an onsite chef. Very good work/life balance. Low stress environment. Paid parking.
Salary or Hourly range: Pay Range: 90K to 150K Several roles Depending on experience DOE
Key Points of the role:
Qualifications:
Software Engineer about five years of experience with PYTHON development to support data analytics and pipelines for our data science area. Experience developing in one or more statistical languages including R or MATLAB, is a plus and you may get some exposure to this area. Helped design and build from the ground up and ideally some familiarity with CI/CD practices developing and supporting enterprise-grade applications Experience building and managing REST-ful services and shared APIs are helpful Experience designing data structures and queries in SQL Server or another relational database platform Experience working with source control repositories such as Team Foundation Services (TFS) and git Interest in learning modern technologies and identifying applications thereof including, but not limited to, containerization, cloud-native solutions Must be able to architect enterprise-grade solutions that are effective, efficient, and appropriate Experience working on agile teams strongly preferred
Working knowledge of basic financial instruments and markets plus. Previous professional experience in financial services sector is a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills required Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in a field requiring strong analytical and quantitative skills such as Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Finance, or Information Systems strongly preferred
Responsibilities:
The Senior Software Engineer will join the team responsible for technical solution delivery supporting a core line of business. The successful candidate will design, build and support technical solutions that provide functionality in support of business processes and decision making.
Areas of development may include web applications, back-end processes and services, and commercial product integration.
Working in an impactful, interesting and agile environment, the ideal candidate will be a strong contributor to all phases of the SDLC as needed, from high-level design to coding, testing, and deployment.
Company sponsorship - At this time, client will NOT sponsor for this role
Duration of role: Direct hire Role - Fulltime
#INDPMA
If applying for this role - Please take each key point and provide number of years experience and what you would rate yourself, 1 thru 10 (10 being expert) for each key point. Send your resume and notes on the role to expediate our recruiting services. 