Join the OddBytes Team! Adding to the Account Management team, the Jr. Account Manager is an exciting hybrid role that requires managing relationships and analyzing complex numerical data, all to support advertisers in reaching their KPI goals while continuing to grow your portfolio.

Adding to your digital experience, you will apply strong critical thinking and analytical skills to successfully manage campaigns and effectively solve problems. Using excellent communication skills, you will cultivate long-standing business and internal relationships. Your motivation to contribute to the success of the company drives your independent, take control work style. While job training will be provided, and we will never let you fall on your face, your drive, ambition and common sense will never hold you back!

Did we mention that we’re fully remote? At OddBytes, we’ve found that life is just better with a fully remote workforce, and we operate in a 100% work from home model. We’re most productive when our work life acts in harmony with the rest of our lifestyle, and our culture reflects that.

ABOUT THE ROLE:

Develop, implement and optimize campaigns and upselling strategies in order to grow client spend and profitability.

Build and maintain client relationships using a variety of communication methods to ensure long-term, successful partnerships.

Perform ongoing analysis of client data in conjunction with media spend to ensure clients meet their performance metrics.

Troubleshoot and resolve internal and client issues using analysis and creative problem solving skills.

Collaborate with various in-house teams (e.g. Sales, Creative, and Data Science) in order to provide account support and growth.

Assist fellow Account Managers by completing supportive duties; including targeting lists and conversion integration.

ABOUT YOU:

Must have at least 1+ year of digital advertising experience; including knowledge of campaign creation, optimization and utilization of conversion/pixel tracking.

Strong analytical skills are a must; knowledge of third party tracking and reporting interfaces is a plus!

Desire to work in a dynamic, fast paced environment.

Effectively utilizes critical thinking and detail orientation skills.

Comfortable in using up-selling tactics with clients to foster continued revenue growth.

Fosters a positive and collaborative rapport with partners and colleagues.

Clear and professional communication through email, messenger and phone with both co-workers and partners.

Continued desire to learn about the industry, advertising trends and tools while being confident in seeking the information necessary to succeed.

ABOUT ODDBYTES: We’re in the business of connecting people to more of what they'll love.

Our products are never complete. We are always looking for new, innovative ways to introduce people to things that match their lifestyle.

Our team of oddballs are no strangers to the world of digital marketing. Backed by 15+ years of experience, our team is led by top experts in product marketing, ecommerce and browser apps.

OddBytes is an Equal Opportunity Employer, providing equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals. We recruit, hire and promote into all job levels the most qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, national origin, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), parental status, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, veteran status, gender identity or expression, transgender status, sexual orientation, marital, family or partnership status, political affiliation or activities, military service, immigration status, or any other status protected under applicable federal, state and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know in advance.

Learn more about us at www.oddbytes.com 