Specialisterne USA is recruiting! Specialisterne USA works with employers to help them integrate more neurodiversity into their workforce. Presently, Specialisterne USA is working with Deloitte & ToucheLLP to hire experienced professionals into their Neurodiversity Hiring Initiative. Specialisterne USA provides recruitment, staffing solutions and management support to businesses interested in employing neurodiverse talent. A different perspective or an alternative communication style can be a great asset to any employer, yet because of standard recruitment processes and management practices, many people on the autism spectrum or with other neurodivergence can face challenges accessing and maintaining employment. Our process is designed to address these challenges.Deloitte’s Neurodiversity Hiring Initiative consists of a three-month apprenticeship with an opportunity for full-time employment upon successful completion of the three-month apprenticeship.Descriptions of the roles are provided below. Applications should be submitted in full no later than September 18th at 11:00pm ET.**We encourage candidates to apply if they are interested in any of the roles even if they do not have all of the requirements listed**Data Analytics Solution Consultant – Deloitte & Touche, LLPUS Delivery CenterVirtual* Are you looking to make an impact by helping agencies meet their mission goals through successful implementation and operation of their regulatory, mission or compliance programs? Are you ready to help our clients mitigate risks that arise from transformational core business operational change or ongoing operations? Are you interested in helping clients transform how they operate their business to be more effective? If so, Deloitte’s Regulatory Compliance team could be the place for you! Our team brings professionals with diverse skillsets including deep experience in industry, AI-enabled data analytics, statistical modeling, and cloud technologies to help our clients preserve their reputation and public trust of their agencies while managing regulatory demands.Are you a problem solver looking to join a dynamic team that utilizes cutting edge approaches and innovative technology to identify and mitigate emerging threats within our client’s environment? If you are interested in finding solutions for our clients without the extensive demands of travel, you should consider an opportunity with our US Delivery Center (USDC)! We bring together cohesive teams with a focus on thought diversity and collaborative problem solving to address client challenges efficiently and effectively. The USDC is growing rapidly, and we are actively seeking the right professionals to join our team!The TeamDeloitte’s Government and Public Services (GPS) practice – our people, ideas, technology and outcomes—is designed for impact. Serving federal, state, & local government clients as well as public higher education institutions, our team of over 15,000+ professionals brings fresh perspective to help clients anticipate disruption, reimagine the possible, and fulfill their mission promise.We bring a diverse set of forward thinking capabilities to help agencies proactively manage risks they face in their dynamically changing environments. Our team assesses and transforms the process, controls, and/or infrastructure needed to help our clients address a wide variety of regulatory and compliance risks. We leverage solutions that align to the end-to-end regulatory lifecycle through leveraging AI technology and innovative solutions that incorporate industry as well as domain knowledge.Deloitte brings a rigorous analytic-based approach to effectively detect, prevent, and respond to issues related to fraud, waste, and abuse. Our practitioners channel their analytic expertise to identify the nature, size, and scope of Program Integrity threats and address them through the development and deployment of analytic solutions such as machine learning models and graph algorithms.Work you’ll do/Responsibilities: Perform day-to-day quantitative risk analysis including the development, maintenance, and operations of a suite of advanced analytical, econometric, and AI models and business intelligence tools.Be accountable for interpreting and translating results, trends, and takeaways to team members, clients, and executive leadership with varying levels of subject matter knowledge.Drive the production of predictive analytic reports, responsible for executing key modeling governance activities around change management, performance monitoring, and testing, in alignment with industry best practices.Develop and lead new, innovative analyses which may include dataset manipulation and transformation, piloting of cutting-edge AI and machine learning analytical techniques and technologies, and transformation of static reporting into dynamic visualizations.This is a cross-functional role where teams will interact with data collection, reporting, system designers, architects, database administrators, and cyber risk professionals to assist, from a business prospective, in overall production processes to enhance the value delivered to our clients.Qualifications Required: 2 + years of experience in one or more of the following areas: Data quality analysis, statistical analysis and/or modeling, financial or cost analysis, internal controls, and/or external/internal financial audit.Experience across the entire model development lifecycle, including interacting with model risk management teams and executing model governance best practicesDeep technical understanding, including proficiency in an analytical programming language, such as SAS, Python, or R, to provide clear technical direction, mentoring and growing the skills of your teamHands-on development experience of AI and machine learning models, packages, or COTS tools, with corresponding model risk management and governance of AI and machine learning (e.g., bias)Strong executive presentation skills, able to strategically and effectively communicate with both external and internal stakeholders, as well as collaboratively across business units, technology, and policy teamsBachelor’s Degree in Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering, Business Analytics disciplines, or related area.Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the futureAbility to obtain and maintain the required clearance for this roleNice to Have (Not Required): Master’s degreeDevelopment experience of explainable AI (XAI) algorithms and frameworksDevelopment of AI audit and ethics frameworksCFA, FRM, INFORMS CAP, or similar industry certificate*Must live a commutable distance to one of the following cities: Atlanta, GA; Austin, TX; Boston, MA; Charlotte, NC; Chicago, IL; Cincinnati, OH; Cleveland, OH; Dallas, TX; Denver, CO; Detroit, MI; Gilbert, AZ; Houston, TX; Indianapolis, IN; Kansas City, MO; Lake Mary, FL; Los Angeles, CA; Mechanicsburg, PA; Miami, FL; McLean, VA; Minneapolis, MN; Nashville, TN; Orange County, CA; Philadelphia, PA; Phoenix, AZ; Pittsburgh, PA; Rosslyn, VA; Sacramento, CA; St. Louis, MO; San Diego, CA; Seattle, WA; Tallahassee, FL; Tampa, FL; or be willing to relocate to one of the following USDC locations: Gilbert, AZ; Lake Mary, FL; Mechanicsburg, PA.For individuals assigned and/or hired to work in Colorado, Deloitte is required by law to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. This compensation range is specific to the State of Colorado and takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including but not limited to skill sets; experience and training; licensure and certifications; and delivery model. We would not anticipate that the individual hired into this role would land at or near the top end of the range, but such a decision will be dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the range is $49,420 - $91,780.How you’ll growAt Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.BenefitsAt Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits.Deloitte’s cultureOur positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives.Corporate citizenshipDeloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.Recruiter tipsWe want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.Please check out Deloitte Career Page to explore other open opportunities (https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/careers/careers.html).All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.Deloitte will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws. See notices of various ban-the-box laws where available (https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/pages/careers/articles/ban-the-box-notices.html).The Specialisterne Recruitment Process Application The first step in the recruitment process is for interested candidates to apply to participate in the assessment process for the roles. This will involve completing an online questionnaire as well as submitting their resume to Specialisterne USA. Applicants will be shortlisted for participation in the next step based on a review of each online questionnaire and assessing the likelihood of fit for the roles for which we are recruiting.Employment Workshop The next step in the Specialisterne recruitment process is an Employment Workshop. It is a hands-on, task-based experience where you will work on specific projects in a relaxed setting. It is an opportunity to learn about our approach to hiring, and for us to get to know you – what motivates you, your interests and your skills.Assessment Candidates whose profiles are well-suited for the roles for which we are recruiting will be invited to complete a Deloitte application and participate in a two-week skills evaluation and assessment program in a virtual environment. It will include case-studies, real-life work scenarios, and insight into the roles and working environment.Employment Employment offers for internships are made to the candidates with the best fit. Once accepted, the individuals will transition into their positions at the organization. Specialisterne USA will provide support where necessary, which may include modifications to the work environment.Those not selected can have their profiles added to our database for consideration for other more suitable job opportunities in the future.Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to Friday 