At Freddie Mac, you will do important work to build a better housing finance system and you’ll be part of a team helping to make homeownership and rental housing more accessible and affordable across the nation.
Employees, contingent workers and visitors are no longer required to show proof of vaccination to be on-site. Effective January 2023, Freddie Mac’s hybrid work arrangement is 3 days in the office (specifically Tuesday, Wednesday & Thursday).
Position Overview:
Do you have a great “can-do” positive attitude with strong leadership and technical skills writing SQL and Python? Do you have a passion for understanding the business and presenting information that the business can use to improve processes? Are you excited about new technologies like AI & RPA?
We are looking for a business intelligence and report development enthusiast to join our dynamic team! We are seeking someone who is enthusiastic, a fast learner with an analytical mindset , able to thrive in a fast-paced environment. We need someone who is curious, driven and can work cross-functionally to effect change with persuasive communications. Apply now and learn why there’s #MoreAtFreddieMac!
Our Impact:
Drive efficiency and impact through self-service analytics using BI tools
Provide information and data for the business to consume and improve their business
Deliver standard reports while innovating on new ways to access information and methods for analyzing the data
Explore new ways of integrating Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) data with other systems for comprehensive views of information
Present historical data clearly to facilitate strategic decisions
Your Impact:
Use SQL, R/Python (tool of your choice) to deliver views to support business decisions.
Design and deliver reports using data visualization, analytics, and BI reporting tools like Tableau, Micro Strategy, Alteryx, Power BI, etc.
Follow reporting development life cycle.
Business requirement gathering and translating it into user stories.
Design and build technical processes to address business issues.
Design and deliver reports and insights that analyze business functions, key risk and performance metrics.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in related field (Master's Degree preferred) with 1+ years of related experience
Risk experience is a plus
Ability to wrangle data in SQL and R / python
Exposure to data visualization and reporting tools
Keys to Success in this Role:
Maintain positive attitude, be flexible, and be a curious learner
Establish relationships inside and outside of ERM
Keep calm under pressure
Challenge the status quo
Current Freddie Mac employees please apply through the internal career site.
Today, Freddie Mac makes home possible for one in four home borrowers and is one of the largest sources of financing for multifamily housing. Join our smart, creative and dedicated team and you’ll do important work for the housing finance system and make a difference in the lives of others.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We will ensure that individuals with differing abilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Notice to External Search Firms: Freddie Mac partners with BountyJobs for contingency search business through outside firms. Resumes received outside the BountyJobs system will be considered unsolicited and Freddie Mac will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. If interested in learning more, please visit www.BountyJobs.com and register with our referral code: MAC.
Time-type:Full time
Job Category:Data Management
FLSA Status:Non-Exempt
Freddie Mac provides anticipated base salary ranges where required by law. 