A well-respected company is collaborating with Robert Half to help them find an accomplished Assistant Controller. The Assistant Controller reports to the Controller on accounting staff updates. Identify issues and resolve problems in this stimulating Assistant Controller position. This role would be best suited for candidates who consider themselves a self-starter. Apply as soon as possible! This permanent employment opportunity is based in the Thousand Oaks, California area.

Your responsibilities in this role


Give to the preparation of GAAP financial statements, including forecasting and budgeting
Support the accounting team during the closing process to confirm deadlines are met
Additional responsibilities if necessary
Foster accountability and the meeting of deliverables
Ready different technical accounting analyses, policies, and procedures
Come up with relevant and timely reports on financial data analytics like key financial metrics, the monthly flash report, and actual spend against budgets/outlook
Backfill for Controller when necessary
Facilitate to ensure a competent, trained staff through regular assessment, development, and goal setting
Provide regular account reconciliation to completion
Enhanced preparation and coordination of fiscal year-end audits
Distinguish and evolve process improvements to streamline reporting and improve team efficiency
Inspect and make Ad Hoc financial reports
Maintain implementation and insure adherence to accounting policies and procedures
Knowledge of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and IIA standards
Ability to multitask effectively
Considerable accounting experience, including as a Bookkeeper preferred
7+ years of general ledger accounting experience
Excellent written, verbal and social communication skills
Solid understanding of CPA
Deep understanding of NetSuite
Command of US GAAP
CPA certification a plus
Bachelor's Degree in Accounting
Proficient in enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems
Top notch analytical, quantitative and social skills

Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.

Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, instant notifications for AI-matched jobs, and more.

Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.5461. Robert Half will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information.

© 2022 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use . 