Pine Gate Renewables is a leading renewable energy company focused on project development and strategic financing of solar and storage projects throughout the United States. The company's Pine Gate Impact initiative contributes to multiple non-profit organizations aimed at improving the environment and local communities. Headquartered in Asheville, NC, Pine Gate Renewables made the Inc. 5000 list in 2021, placing at #37 and named to Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies list in 2021. Pine Gate Renewables works every day to achieve its mission to "Get Solar Done." For more information, visit pinegaterenewables.com.
Pine Gate Renewables is a leader in the solar industry and an innovator in the movement for clean energy solutions. We are looking for a VP of Data and Analytics to transform our business while acting as an internal consultant to the business to drive changes across the enterprise. The VP is responsible for identifying, defining, and delivering business intelligence and analytics strategy while leading a team of data professionals. This position will develop architecture vision, short- and long-term strategies while identifying opportunities for standardization and optimization. This role will continuously evaluate where data quality issues exist and develop processes and tactics for remediation of these issues. Are you looking for the next step in your career to build a top performing analytics team?

What You'll Do
Build Strategy: Develop analytics strategy and roadmap planning to improve business and technical capabilities. Oversee data standards and analytical methodologies, including, predictive modeling, segmentation, and reporting. Improve and drive overall strategy, methodology, and roadmap for the processes, systems, tools, and capabilities required to produce and maintain our core data assets. Responsible for developing data-driven strategies for overcoming problems.
Leadership: Responsible for building, managing, and leading a team of data professionals. You will ensure the success of your team by overseeing career development, performance reviews, training, and development opportunities. Help to create an environment of innovation, creativity, and teamwork.
Drive Insights: you will manage data analysis and present business stories with recommended actions to key stakeholders. You will act as a trusted advisor to solve complex business problems and provide recommendations based upon data driven insights. Expertise in evaluation of business needs through in-depth conversations with business users to understand the domain and create the architecture for data solutions that provide a confluent approach to data insights.
Enhance Technology: Partner with the business to prioritize and execute on business intelligence technology enhancements including information architecture and data governance. Support ongoing technology evaluation process and oversee projects from start to finish.
Development: Help develop and implement, metrics/KPIs and outcomes, including building dashboards and data visualizations for all facets of the . Help develop documentation and training to ensure business users can access and use data effectively.
Must-Haves
Ability to communicate complex data stories and technical information to non-technical audiences; uses a high degree of influence to gain buy-in.
8+ years of experience working in a hands-on role in business intelligence, data modeling, data analytics or related discipline.
5+ years of experience managing a data team, with proven success mentoring, guiding, developing, and growing a team.
Exceptional problem-solving skills: demonstrated ability to understand business challenges, structure complex problems, and develop solutions.
Deep experience with data analysis and BI tools required.
Ability to organize and complete work in a timely manner.
Desire to be an integral part of building something world-class.
Expert technical ability, including modeling and data analytics (PowerBI, MicroStrategy, Tableau or similar platforms)
Well-developed critical and analytical thinking skills.
Nice-to-Haves
Solar or renewable energy experience

Education and Certifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Working Environment and Physical Demand
Preferred location Asheville, North Carolina.
Remote option requires up to 25% travel to our Asheville, NC office

Pine Gate Renewables believes in taking care of our employees by offering benefits that support their physical, mental, and financial well-being. Our comprehensive benefits package includes medical, dental, vision, matching 401k, Paid Time Off, paid holidays, training, and development, giving back to the community, remote work options, dog-friendly offices, and much more. Pine Gate Renewables is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion in the workplace.

Pine Gate Renewables does not accept any unsolicited resumes or referrals from any third-party recruiting firms or agencies. 