Job Description:
Data Scientist to Begin Working in 2023
Collaborate with Innovative 3Mers Around the World
Choosing where to start and grow your career has a major impact on your professional and personal life, so it’s equally important you know that the company that you choose to work at, and its leaders, will support and guide you. With a diversity of people, global locations, technologies and products, 3M is a place where you can collaborate with 96,000 other curious, creative 3Mers.
“A long-lasting career at 3M comes from having vision, imagination and the ability to see what doesn’t exist. 3Mers are groundbreaking innovators and it’s important that we give every person the space for disruptive and creative thinking.” – John Banovetz, senior vice president and chief technology officer at 3M
The Impact You’ll Make in this Role:
Data Scientists at 3M research and develop new technologies and approaches in AI. We explore areas of machine learning, reinforcement learning, speech science, deep learning, natural language processing, and computer vision technologies that enable new opportunities for our businesses and customers. At 3M, our data scientists develop digital solutions for manufacturing, help create new unique 3M materials and enable new process capabilities. These solutions have global impact and reach 3M customers in health information, worker safety, digital oral care, transportation, with smart consumer products and many more.
Here, you will make an impact by:
Conducting research on emerging algorithmic approaches to Data Science and reporting your results to the larger AI community at 3M
Leveraging expertise to develop and lead new data analytics technologies for product development or for manufacturing systems
Collaborating with research teams in corporate research and business labs to build capabilities and applications to solve emerging challenges
Assisting with the design and creation of software applications as a member of a cross-functional team of software developers, engineers, and scientists
Collaborating with other team members on data analysis workflow, data pipelines, analysis techniques, and opportunities for model improvements
Filing patent applications, publishing, and presenting at conferences
Your Skills and Expertise
To set you up for success in this role from day one, 3M is looking for candidates who must have the following qualifications:
Currently possess or are in the final year of pursuing a Ph.D. degree in a science or engineering discipline from an accredited institution
Additional qualifications that could help you succeed even further in this role include:
Currently possess or are in the final year of pursuing a Ph.D. degree or post-doctoral fellowship in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, Cognitive Science, Computational Linguistics, Software Engineering, Applied Physics, Applied Mathematics, or related discipline from an accredited institution
Training and/or experience in deep learning, machine learning, natural language processing, speech recognition, natural language understanding, data science, computer vision, artificial intelligence, or statistics, through thesis work, internships, or industry or national lab employment
Experience with research projects in areas of interest to 3M: computer vision, manufacturing processes, machine learning applied to product design and development, materials sciences, reinforcement and causal-based AI
Experience with Azure and AWS cloud services and data analytics tools
Experience in the generation, collection, and analysis of materials data
Strong scientific and technical acumen, with demonstrated interest and ability to make connections between science/technology and real-world concerns
Ability to deal with the ambiguity of early stage scouting and evaluation of new opportunities and the flexibility to change direction as additional information becomes available
Demonstrated scientific excellence as evidenced by publications and presentations
Strong performance working in a team environment
Please submit your application using your full detailed CV instead of a one-page resume.
Travel: May include up to 10% domestic/international
Relocation Assistance: May be authorized
Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws.

U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens.

To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s).

The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election.
Supporting Your Well-being
3M offers many programs to help you live your best life – both physically and financially. To ensure competitive pay and benefits, 3M regularly benchmarks with other companies that are comparable in size and scope.
Resources for You
For more details on what happens before, during and after the interview process, check out the Insights for Candidates page at 3M.com/careers.
Learn more about 3M’s creative solutions to the world’s problems at www.3M.com or on Twitter @3M.
Responsibilities of this position include that corporate policies, procedures and security standards are complied with while performing assigned duties.
Our approach to flexibility is called Work Your Way, which puts employees first and drives well-being in ways that enable 3M’s business and performance goals. You have flexibility in where and when work gets done. It all depends on where and when you can do your best work.
Pay & Benefits Overview: https://www.3m.com/3M/en_US/careers-us/working-at-3m/benefits/
3M is an equal opportunity employer. 3M will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status.
Please note: your application may not be considered if you do not provide your education and work history, either by: 1) uploading a resume, or 2) entering the information into the application fields directly.
3M Global Terms of Use and Privacy Statement
Carefully read these Terms of Use before using this website. Your access to and use of this website and application for a job at 3M are conditioned on your acceptance and compliance with these terms. 