Job#: 1277835

Job Description:
The AI Data Team is looking for a Language Engineer to help us deliver results on a new project. This position is an opportunity to apply your expertise and contribute to advances in Machine Learning (ML).

The position is fully remote, with an initial contract duration of nine months. As a Language Engineer, you will implement data collection and annotation strategy, with a focus on iterative analysis, quality, and efficiency. You will use your hands-on data analytics skills and knowledge of machine learning (ML) techniques to ensure that datasets are optimized for model performance.


About the team:*

The mission of the AI Data Team is to engineer the datasets critical to the success of machine learning services. From chatbots to subtitles to search results and beyond, these products support dozens of languages and impact millions of people every day. We are a group of language engineers, linguists, data scientists, data engineers, and program managers, and we partner closely with the science, engineering, and product teams. We are customer obsessed and committed to delivering results with the highest quality and integrity.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES


Manage large amounts of linguistic data
Apply best practices for data collection and data annotation
Develop scripts and tools to automate data processing and handling
Analyze quality control metrics for data collection and data annotation
Collaborate with other Language Engineers and stakeholders
Use existing language processing tools to bootstrap and process data
Annotate data according to guidelines
Basic Qualifications*
Native or advanced proficiency in French or German
Masters degree in Linguistics, Computational Linguistics, or other language or data-related disciplines
Two years experience in linguistics or NLP
Ability to think about and analyze language abstractly
Proficiency in scripting, querying and/or analytics tools, such as SQL, Python, R, or similar
Experience with language data analysis and data annotation
Experience in developing and evaluating data annotation metrics and guidelines
Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative and dynamic work environment
Preferred Qualifications*
Ability to explain complex concepts and solutions in easy-to-understand terms
Practical knowledge of version control systems such as GitHub
Experience working with multiple languages and low-resource languages
Advanced proficiency in languages other than English

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystems.com or 844-463-6178. 