UnitedHealthcare is a company that's on the rise. We're expanding in multiple directions, across borders and, most of all, in the way we think. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about transforming the health care industry. Ready to make a difference? Make yourself at home with us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
The Senior Data Scientist will produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from unstructured, diverse datasets typically measured in gigabytes or larger. Applies knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement.
This position uses a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive and prescriptive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data. Works with analytics and statistical software such as SQL, R, Python, Hadoop and others to perform analysis and interpret data. This function is not intended for employees performing the following work: less complex analysis on small data sets; rules-based algorithmic or descriptive analytics; development of big data infrastructure.
If you are located within the state of US, you will have the flexibility to telecommute* as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Perform marketing analytics & independent modeling work to support and drive insights for campaigns by leveraging ML / AI data science techniques
Understand the business partner’s needs and bringing solutions to the table to drive outcomes and articulating clearly to business partners
Build relationships with business partners to support campaign efforts for member level marketing initiatives
Collaborate with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams
Discover insights hidden in large data sets and work with stakeholders to improve business outcomes
Design marketing tests end-to-end, including strategy, A/B test design, incorporate predictive tools, and back-end measurement and insights
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Master’s degree in Math, Statistics, or Data Science
3+ years of experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, SAS, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets, work experience outside of graduate coursework
3+ years of experience using a variety of data analysis methods/data mining, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing predictive models, using / creating algorithms and creating / running simulations
3+ years of knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications
3+ years of experience with a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages / drawbacks
3+ years extensive understanding of data science and ability to deliver models, communicate results and juggle multiple priorities
3+ years of experience learning and mastering new technologies and techniques
3+ years of experience working independently and creatively solving problems where statistical modeling techniques can be applied
3+ years of experience with proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insight
1+ years of experience with Tableau or other BI tools like Power BI, Domo, etc.
Preferred Qualification:
Full COVID-19 vaccination is an essential job function of this role. Candidates located in states that mandate COVID-19 booster doses must also comply with those state requirements. UnitedHealth Group will adhere to all federal, state and local regulations as well as all client requirements and will obtain necessary proof of vaccination, and boosters when applicable, prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation
To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment
Careers with UnitedHealthcare. Let's talk about opportunity. Start with a Fortune 5 organization that's serving more than 85 million people already and building the industry's singular reputation for bold ideas and impeccable execution. Now, add your energy, your passion for excellence, your near-obsession with driving change for the better. Get the picture? UnitedHealthcare is serving employers and individuals, states and communities, military families and veterans where ever they're found across the globe. We bring them the resources of an industry leader and a commitment to improve their lives that's second to none. This is no small opportunity. It's where you can do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $82,100 to $146,900. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $90,500 to $161,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. 