About the team
Zillow Group’s mission is to give people the power to unlock life's next chapter. As part of the Growth Data science, you will be an integral partner to Zillow’s Growth Product team which has a mission to Acquire and Activate high-quality users for Zillow group brands. The Growth product team is an impactful ensemble of multiple key business functions including Search Engine Optimization, Integrated communications, Authorization, Activation, and Onsite Messaging platform that acquire and engage millions of users across our platforms.
Our Data Science team is tasked with absorbing millions, sometimes billions, of rows of data from various sources, organizing them, analyzing them, and visualizing them to help advise both short and long-term decision-making. Our structure is very flat and you will soon find yourself partnering directly with Senior Leadership.
About the role
We strive to predict our customer’s needs at various stages of their real estate journey and serve customized messaging across multiple customer tocuchpoints about our product offerings. The Data Scientist in this role will partner with product teams to implement an experimentation framework and measurement strategy to uncover deep insights about the customer funnel through multivariate testing and advanced analytics. They will measure the success of messaging and product offering upsells, and use this data to influence business strategy and build product roadmaps.
More specifically, this role will require:
Expertise in applied statistics skills, such as hypothesis testing, experimental design, power analysis and experiment evaluation
Proven experience with reinforcement learning techniques in experimentation and multivariate testing; and outlining and evaluating intrinsic and extrinsic metrics for model performance aligned with business goals
Knowledge of and/or experience in bayesian methods and probabilistic models
Ability to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation.
Ability to influence and form a close partnership with cross-functional teams of engineers, marketers, user researchers, product owners, designers and business decision makers who are passionate about driving our customer’s success
Embracing and supporting deployment of standardization and automation throughout program cycles
Be hands-on in technical feature development, design and code-reviews, prototyping and deployment to production
Research and pioneer the adoption and use of new technologies within Zillow.
This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $161,700.00 - $258,300.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location. Actual amounts will vary depending on experience, performance and location.
Who you are
At Zillow, we are a group of curious and ambitious problem solvers passionate about all things real estate, and we hope you'd be excited to help consumers make one of the biggest decisions of their lives. Help us guide our business into the future with powerful insights and recommendations! We're seeking a data scientist with the following qualifications:
A Ph.D or Master's degree in a quantitative field (e.g. science, engineering, economics, quantitative finance, operations research, statistics, or similar)
8+ years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis, experimentation and complex problem-solving.
Proficiency in SQL, and either Python or R, along with some experience with Tableau, Mode, or other visualization software
Superb verbal and written communication skills with the ability to distill sophisticated issues and detailed analysis into simple, structured frameworks with concrete action plans
Able to work cross-functionally and influence business partners to set realistic goals and focus on data-driven solutions
Get to know us
Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.
As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list.
Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.
Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter. 