As part of National Grid’s continued commitment to safety, all new hires must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Anyone unable to be vaccinated, either because of a sincerely held religious belief or medical reason can request a reasonable accommodation.
About Us
The world of energy is changing faster than ever. At National Grid, the work you do will touch lives and shape the way we use and consume energy for generations to come. Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry. To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. We’re planning, innovating, and working to be as vital and relevant as ever before for our customers and communities. Join us and be at the heart of clean energy transition.
About the Graduate Development Program
National Grid’s Graduate Development Program (GDP) is an in-depth training and development program for high achieving recent college graduates who aspire to take on future leadership roles in a dynamic, ever-changing industry. Graduates are the future of National Grid. Bringing fresh thinking, new perspectives, and enthusiasm to our team, we’ll give you real responsibility and an opportunity to make an impact from day one – putting the power to supercharge your career in your hands.
Graduates start their careers at National Grid with an in-depth 4-week in-person Orientation which gives you exposure to all parts of the company, allows you to network with your Graduate cohort, GDP alumni, and senior leaders, and provides you with the opportunity to travel throughout our service territory in the northeast US. Following Orientation, Graduates begin working in their hired position and take part ongoing development activities through your first year including monthly development sessions, active mentorship, and a Capstone Project at the completion of your first year with National Grid.
About the Position
As an Associate Quantitative Analyst, you will define and build models, mine big and small data to better understand customers and their energy habits, and develop maintainable solutions, all of which would make you the catalyst of process reengineering through advanced analytics. You will work in a dynamic organization to turn data into actionable intelligence. The variety and complexity of challenges you will solve is second to none, but most important is the real world impact your work will have on the lives of millions of people.
What You'll Do
You will:
Provide insights and conclusions from multiple sources of information in a variety of different formats using analysis techniques that range from simple to advanced
Apply your broad knowledge of Statistical & Probabilistic Analyses, Data Engineering, Programming/Software Development, Effective Visualization and Presentation
Assist with work on major projects from conception to completion, working with multiple teams of stakeholders directly to understand and address their analytic needs
Identify, extract, and integrate data sets ranging in size from spreadsheets to big data; prepare and clean data for use in advanced analysis
Employ sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning, and statistical methods for predictive and prescriptive modeling, forecasting, and simulations
Contribute to the development of structured, documented, version-controlled code that enables automation and post-roll out customer self-service
What You'll Need
Bachelor or Master’s degree from an accredited institution with a major in Computer Science, Data Science, Data Analytics, Statistics or related field
Graduated between May 2022 and June 2023
Ability to begin the National Grid Graduate Program May 30, 2023 or June 26, 2023
Valid US driver’s license
Applicants for the Graduate Development Program must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States (such as sponsorship for an H-1B, TN, O, L, STEM OPT, or other employment-based work authorization)
It Would Be Awesome If You Have
Experience with Python
Salary
$70,550 - $91,000 a year
This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring and applying technical skills. Candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.
National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team. 