We are searching for a Senior Data Scientist - someone who works well in a fast-paced setting. In this position, you will provide data analysis and have a major role in the development and implementation of advanced analytic tools to meet the needs of various groups within the organization. This role works with a multidisciplinary team to design, develop, and create analytical solutions through applications of data mining, machine learning, artificial intelligence (AI), and emerging technologies. The Senior Data Scientist is also responsible for evaluating data quality, preparing data, generating insights, and developing and presenting high-impact data stories.
Responsibilities
Generates and communicates business and clinical insights, using various techniques and understanding the strengths and risks of different approaches to data analysis
Builds and tests statistical, optimization, and machine learning models, including regression, classification, clustering, natural language processing, deep learning, and/or statistical modeling
Develops algorithms and predictive models to solve critical business problems, leading model development efforts
Communicates data insights and acts as a data storyteller by translating data analyses into easily understandable terms to influence business decisions or actions
Provides statistical and advanced analytics expertise as needed to data architects, developers, project teams, and leadership team
Uses clinical or business expertise to provide context for Data Scientists and Developers, to help guide their data preparation, feature engineering, and model development choices
Identifies the right discussion or meeting in which to communicate an idea, and orchestrates the most appropriate venue and approach to communicate the idea clearly
Participates in the development and maintenance programming activities with management, other Information Services personnel, users, or vendors during all phases of the project life cycle
Qualifications
Being fully vaccinated against COVID-19, including any booster dose(s) of the COVID-19 vaccine recommended by the Centers for Disease Control when eligible, is required for all employees at Texas Children’s, unless approved for a medical or religious exemption.
Master’s degree in mathematics, computer science, statistics, engineering, analytics, life sciences, or a specific healthcare field (such as nursing, pharmacy, respiratory, etc.) required
8 years’ experience in data science, data analytics, business analysis, data modeling, statistical analysis, statistical modeling, or machine learning, including 2 years healthcare industry experience
A Ph.D. may substitute for two years of experience
Two years of licensed, clinical healthcare experience may substitute for two years of experience
Company Profile
Since 1954, Texas Children’s has been leading the charge in patient care, education and research to accelerate health care for children and women around the world. When you love what you do, it truly shows in the smiles of our patient families, employees and our numerous accolades such as being consistently ranked as the best children’s hospital in Texas, and among the top in the nation by U.S.News & World Report as well as recognition from Houston Business Journal as one of this city’s Best Places to Work for ten consecutive years.
Texas Children’s comprehensive health care network includes our primary hospital in the Texas Medical Center with expertise in over 40 pediatric subspecialties; the Jan and Dan Duncan Neurological Research Institute (NRI); the Feigin Center for pediatric research; Texas Children’s Pavilion for Women, a comprehensive obstetrics/gynecology facility focusing on high-risk births; Texas Children’s Hospital West Campus, a community hospital in suburban West Houston; and Texas Children’s Hospital The Woodlands, the first hospital devoted to children’s care for communities north of Houston. We have also created the nation’s first HMO for children, established the largest pediatric primary care network in the country and a global health program that is channeling care to children and women all over the world. Texas Children’s Hospital is also academically affiliated with Baylor College of Medicine, one of the largest, most diverse and successful pediatric programs in the nation.
To join our community of 14,000+ dedicated team members, visit texaschildrenspeople.org for career opportunities. You can also learn more about our amazing culture at infinitepassion.org. At Texas Children’s Hospital, diversity, equity, and inclusion are at the core of our values and mission for the women and children that we serve. We are committed to providing a diverse and inclusive work environment for all faculty, staff and learners throughout our organization. We believe that each member of our one amazing team provides enrichment that allows us to create a lasting legacy for future employees of this great organization.
Texas Children’s is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applicants and employees are considered and evaluated for positions at Texas Children's without regard to mental or physical disability, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or any other protected Federal, State/Province or Local status unrelated to the performance of the work involved. 