JOB SUMMARY

Responsible for developing data-driven solutions to Charter’s business problems. Utilizes analytical, statistical, and programming skills to clean, aggregate, and analyze large data sets and interpret results. This position requires a strong command of statistical techniques and machine learning algorithms, as well as a demonstrated practical ability to determine where to invest time, synthesize actionable findings across diverse assignments, and present findings to audiences with diverse agendas and varying levels of technical expertise.

MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Actively and consistently supports all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience.

Participate in the execution of the complete analytics life-cycle for problem solving, including: requirements gathering, problem formulation, data grooming, data exploration, model prototyping, model validation, and algorithm productionalization

Leverage knowledge in analytical and statistical algorithms to help stakeholders explore methods to improve their business.

Partner on the design and implementation of statistical data quality procedures for existing and new data sources.

Communicate complex data science solutions, concepts, and analyses in a clear and effective manner to team members and business leaders.

Establish links across existing data sources and find new, interesting data correlations.

Present data insights and recommendations to key stakeholders.

Achieve defined project goals within deadlines; proactively communicate status and escalate issues as needed.

Ensure testing and validation are components of all analytics solutions.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

Skills/Abilities and Knowledge

Ability to read, write, speak and understand English

Strong interpersonal communication, verbal and written, relationship management, and customer service skills with a focus on working effectively in a team environment
Self-motivated, results-driven, and able to work with minimum supervision
Experience with analytical and statistical software
Experience using a data science toolkit such as Python or R
Intermediate level SQL skills
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with attention to detail and data accuracy
Ability to perform in-depth and independent research and analysis
Ability to maintain confidentiality and appropriately handle sensitive information
Strong knowledge of core computer science principles including algorithms, data structures, and design methodologies
Prior exposure to cloud-based infrastructures
Experience with big data tools such as Spark and Hive
Willingness to Learn

Education
Bachelor's degree in computer science, statistics, operations research and/or equivalent combination of education and experience.

Related Work Experience

3 years of Data Analytics

2 years of Programming experience


WORKING CONDITIONS

Office Environment
Travel as required (10%) BDA303 322151 322151BR


Here, employees don’t just have jobs, they build careers. That’s why we believe in offering a comprehensive pay and benefits package that rewards employees for their contributions to our success, supports all aspects of their well-being, and delivers real value at every stage of life.

The pay for this position has a salary range of $76,800.00 to $135,800.00. The actual salary offer will carefully consider a wide range of factors, including your skills, qualifications, experience and location. Also, certain positions are eligible for additional forms of compensation such as bonuses. 