About Us

BlastPoint is a B2B data analytics startup located in the East Liberty neighborhood of Pittsburgh. We give companies the power to solve business problems through discovering the humans in their data and understanding how they think. Serving diverse industries including energy, retail, finance, and transportation, BlastPoint’s software platform helps companies plan solutions to customer-facing challenges, from encouraging green behavior to managing customers’ financial stress. Founded in 2016 by Carnegie Mellon Alumni, we are a tight-knit, forward-thinking team.

Salary Range: $120K - $150K

 Why You Should Work for Us

Solve Challenging Problems: BlastPoint’s platform incorporates cutting-edge approaches to geospatial data, psychographic clustering, data enrichment and a dynamic visualization environment, all at scale. We’re working to break new ground by pulling insights from high-dimensional data. And we’re pushing ourselves to try new and better ways to approach every step of our process.

Have An Impact: Small but mighty, BlastPoint’s growth is due to big companies increasingly trusting us with supporting key decisions using their most sensitive data. What we do positively impacts the lives of millions of Americans (and beyond).

Make Positive Change in the World: Our solutions reduce paper consumption, help struggling families pay their bills, and promote clean energy. We also offer our platform for free to nonprofits and civic-oriented organizations.

Employee-Focused Culture: We support the individual needs of our team, offering schedule and work-from-home flexibility, health insurance, 401K, and three weeks of PTO. We also tailor growth opportunities, from skills training to industry conferences.

Job Description

We are looking for a talented Data Engineer to join our growing engineering team. The ideal candidate for this position brings together strong software engineering skills and cloud infrastructure expertise to ensure smooth and timely delivery of actionable insights to customers, leading engineering projects from concept to delivery, contributing to BlastPoint's data onboarding activities, and ensuring that our platform and supporting services are highly-available, secure, and well-maintained.

Primary duties for this position include:

designing, building, testing, and maintaining robust, scalable data pipelines to support BlastPoint's data cleansing, enrichment, processing, analysis, and validation activities

writing clean and efficient server-side Python code for the BlastPoint Customer Intelligence Platform

automating data onboarding and analysis processes to support greater data variety and velocity

integrating client data with a wide variety of public and private sources

protecting data integrity and security throughout the project lifecycle

Professional Requirements

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics, or a similar field of study

2+ years of work experience in data engineering, software engineering, data science, or a related discipline

Advanced proficiency developing Python code that's readable, idiomatic, and performant

Strong knowledge of the pandas DataFrame API and related packages in the Python data science ecosystem

Relational database experience, preferably using PostgreSQL

A strong working knowledge of AWS cloud services, including but not limited to: RDS, SageMaker, ECS, ECR, EC2, S3, IAM, VPC, Elastic MapReduce, Lambda, AWS Backup, CloudWatch, and CloudTrail

Excellent communication skills

Authorized to work in the United States

Preferred Skills and Experience

Experience with cluster computing frameworks, e.g. Spark and Dask

A working knowledge of common machine learning tools and techniques

Experience using Terraform to deploy and configure virtual infrastructure in the AWS cloud environment

Experience building CI/CD pipelines using Github Actions

Highly attentive to detail, with a skeptical sixth sense about data quality

An ability to work independently in a challenging, fast-paced environment with several ongoing concurrent projects

A can-do mentality, with the willingness to take initiative to solve problems

Recognition that there are always multiple answers to a problem

An ability to engage in a constructive dialogue to find the best path forward

A willingness to travel to the Pittsburgh, PA office periodically (roughly 4-6 times per year), provided that it is safe to do so 