Creating innovative financial operations solutions that help small and mid-size businesses save time, become more efficient and grow.


As a leading provider of cloud-based software that simplifies, digitizes, and automates complex, financial operations for small and midsize businesses, Bill.com has grown with an entrepreneurial spirit that pursues continuous innovation. We're driven by the belief that our technology can make a meaningful difference for small to midsize businesses.

We're building the financial operations platform of the future to be used by millions worldwide. We have operations in San Jose, CA Draper, UT, Houston, TX and Sydney, AUS and are continuing to expand into other geographic locations. We're partners with iconic US financial institutions and more than 80% of major accounting firms. If you're looking for a place that helps you do the best work of your career, look no further than Bill.com.

Make your impact within a rapidly growing Fintech Company

We are looking for a talented, enthusiastic and dedicated person to join Bill.com's Data Science and Analytics team. The incumbent will be responsible for leading key projects associated with predictive fraud detection, risk analysis and loss mitigation at Bill.com. This position requires a person who has experience with performing analytics, refining risk strategies and developing predictive algorithms preferably in the risk domain.

We'd love to chat if you have:

Minimum 3 years of industry experience in risk analytics, data analysis or data science
An advanced degree (M.S., PhD.), preferably in Statistics, Physical Sciences, Computer Science, Economics, or a related technical field
Experience using statistics and data science to solve complex business problems
Proficiency in SQL, Python including key data science libraries
Experience working with large datasets
Ability to clearly communicate complex results to technical experts, business partners, and executives
Comfortable with ambiguity and yet able to steer analytics projects toward clear business goals, testable hypotheses and action-oriented outcomes
Desirable to have experience and aptitude solving problems related to risk using data science and analytics
Bonus: experience with AWS
Bonus: knowledge of the operation process, fraud investigation experience, and payment rule system
Bonus: experience with Machine Learning models, A/B testing experiment design (sample size determination, power analysis, etc)

Let's talk about benefits

100% paid health, dental, and vision plans (choose HMO, PPO, or HDHP)
HSA & FSA accounts
Life Insurance, Long & Short-term disability coverage
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
11+ Observed holidays and wellness days and flexible time off
Employee Stock Purchase Program with employee discounts
Wellness & Fitness initiatives
Employee recognition and referral programs
And much more

We live our culture and values every day

At Bill.com, we're different by design—it's our culture. Our CEO is a trusted entrepreneur who lives our cultural values: Humble, Authentic, Passionate, Dedicated, and Fun. People here love being their authentic selves, contributing unique experiences, sharing ideas, perspectives, and intellectual curiosity. We celebrate our diversity as the heart and soul of how we work, grow, and succeed together. Inspiring people with meaningful career experiences they love really does make the dream work and our successes just keep getting better. There's no limit to what we can build and where we can go from here. We'd love you to join us.

Bill.com is proudly an Equal Opportunity Employer where everyone is welcome. Our innovation and technology are inspired by an inclusive culture unlike any other. Everyone brings a different personal story and perspective and this diverse mix of minds, backgrounds, and experiences is where our greatest ideas come from. We welcome people of all races, ethnicities, ages, religions, abilities, genders, and sexual orientations to make us an even more vibrant company. We want everyone to bring their authentic selves here, to share our values, shape our vision, drive innovation, and become part of a culture we celebrate every day.

Bill.com Culture:

Humble – No ego
Authentic – We are who we are
Passionate – Love what you do
Dedicated – To each other and the customer
Fun – Celebrate the moments

Bill.com currently requires all personnel who work onsite at its facilities to be fully vaccinated against the COVID19 virus. Proof of COVID19 vaccine will be required post hire to work onsite at our BILL facilities. Medical and religious exemptions to the vaccination will be reviewed on submission.

Our Applicant Privacy Notice describes how Bill.com treats the personal information it receives from applicants 