Head of Credit
About PEX
Since 2006 PEX has been on a steady march to build and evolve a solution that helps improve the way organizations operate. To make them more efficient, more nimble, and more competitive.
PEX has evolved into a robust, secure SaaS solution with a deep suite of workforce spend management capabilities, advanced card controls, real-time visibility into card usage, and improved reconciliation processes. More importantly, we are providing a better, more effective solution for thousands of companies and hundreds of thousands of people in the workforce. We work each day to find new ways we can help our community of clients operate more efficiently. To better serve the needs of our customers and broaden our market reach, PEX is investing in building new credit products today with a product launch planned for early 2023.
This position reports to the COO.
Role description
Credit is new for us, and we are looking for an accomplished Credit Leader to build out the credit framework and manage the credit function to launch and grow the new credit product offerings.
Reporting to COO, the Head of Credit will be the accountable Executive for PEX’s lending and credit product offerings. PEX’s lending mantra will be to develop strategies that get the right product to the right customer at the right time. She/He will be responsible for; data source procurement and validation, pricing, line assignment, credit limit increase programs, credit limit decrease programs, and account level and transaction level fraud.
This person will build lending valuation tools (NPV models) that establish performance expectations that drive forecasting expectations at the segment and portfolio levels. As the lending business matures, he/she will establish new credit frameworks and policies that allow the organization to achieve scale and success.
In coordination with the Credit Risk Management Committee (CRMC), he/she will develop a Credit Risk Management (CRM) program that details company-level policies and procedures regarding the administration of credit.
Topics will include: new strategy approval process tiered by exposure limits; management of debt capital providers and adherence to debt covenants; preparing for scenarios across various macroeconomic conditions; and risk monitoring, analysis, and reporting (exposure, yield, risk trends, comments on future forecasts).
She/he will be highly data driven and maniacally focused on testing-and-learning en route to delivering sustainable, responsible growth in lending for PEX. The successful candidate will be an analytical and strategic powerhouse, a polished communicator, highly skilled team builder & leader capable of leading direct reports or influencing across a matrixed environment.
Responsibilities
Manage new credit product launches to meet/exceed performance expectations; key metrics will include account volumes, acquisition costs, utilization, credit risk, and overall profitability.
Develop and continuously update PEX’s credit risk management program; partner with a cross-functional team to implement the program
Recruit, motivate, and develop world class analytical talent to build out the credit, analytics, and product strategy team.
Continuously trade-off risk against profit-generating opportunities to position the business for responsible but aggressive growth.
Aggressively drive innovation that creates proprietary advantage for PEX. This may include applications using new data sources, configuring customer experience features into the credit framework, introducing new approaches to dynamically increase or decrease credit limits, and strategies that stimulate incremental utilization.
Be a recognized, credible, polished “analytical face” of PEX both within and outside of the company.
Provide massive amounts of strategic thought leadership across the organization to steer/position PEX to fully capture the market opportunities for lending.
Qualifications
6+ years of credit experience managing loan originations and/or account management in the consumer or SMB segment.
Analytical powerhouse & accomplished value creator; organizes thinking within analytical frameworks.
Strategic, goal oriented team player.
Deep experience and expertise in developing & shaping strategies, credit policies, building/optimizing loan products, managing credit performance, and driving business growth.
Proven team leader, proven thought leadership.
Working knowledge of statistical analysis, algorithm development, and state-of-the-art tools and methodologies for data science (advanced machine learning techniques a plus).
Steep career trajectory characterized by increasing levels of responsibility and bona fide examples of driving value creation through innovation.
Executive presence/gravitas, polished executive-level communication skills (written & oral).
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Economics, Finance, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar quantitative field with record of strong academic performance.
BENEFITS
401(k)
401(k) matching
Unlimited Paid Time Off (PTO)
Health Insurance
Referral Program
Remote Work
We are interested in meeting with people who have experience in payments, prepaid card, credit card, expense, and disbursement management

bBrftxgaD6 