NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s fueled by great technology—and amazing people. Today, we’re tapping into the unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work.
We are looking for a senior AI/ML architect to join our team to solve exciting business problems in the domain of NVIDIA IT. We are Enterprise AI & Automation team in NVIDIA IT. Our mission is to deliver world-class AI-driven automation solutions to enhance employee experience, business productivity and drive operational efficiencies. As part of this initiative, we are building chatbots, virtual agents, face recognition-based turnstile solutions, and other AI-driven automations across IT and other business functions including Sales, HR, Supply chain and other business functions using NVIDIA’s own world-class natural language processing (NLP), speech recognition, image recognition, log processing and other technologies. We are looking for a hands-on data scientist/ML architect who can guide a small team of ten engineering teams and data scientists in this journey in building world-class machine learning solutions.
What you'll be doing:
Identify opportunities for AI-driven automations for employee productivity and work with the team to implement those AI models and drive the deployment and operationalization of these models in production.
Build early prototypes using AI/ML and NLP algorithms to inform, and influence product roadmaps. Prototypes include building chatbots, virtual agents, recommender systems by using NVIDIA’s software products such as Botmaker, RIVA, Merlin, and other vendor and open-source technologies.
Build AI/ML foundation for NVIDIA IT and deliver AI/ML projects through ML development life cycle with Agile methodology. Transform large ambiguous business requirements into manageable AI/ML specifications, define breakthroughs and success criteria, and deliver them in a timely manner.
Architect and drive the development of MLOps Foundation pipeline to optimally manage & accelerate AI workloads for NVIDIA IT.
Architect a data platform to streamline all the data needs for AI workloads!
Collaborate with product and business teams to define goals and roadmaps. Achieve and maintain alignment with multi-functional partners.
Exercise technical judgment, anticipate bottlenecks, bring up effectively, make trade-offs, and balance business needs versus technical constraints.
What we need to see:
MS degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Information Systems, other equivalent disciplines, or equivalent experience.
5+ years of work-related experience in software development with programming languages Python, and Java.
Minimum 6 years of experience architecting AI/ML and software solutions in leadership roles.
Minimum 10 overall years as a hands-on practitioner developing software solutions using Agile methodology of which 4+ years of experience is in AI/ML production solutions.
Deep knowledge and experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence. Can guide teams to focus and deliver with speed and quality. Ability to design good metrics and hypotheses.
Strong leadership and team-building skills.
Ability to inspire collaboration among teams composed of both technical and non-technical members. Effective communication skills, solid negotiation skills, and strong leadership.
Can evaluate and design effective processes and systems to facilitate communication, improve execution, and ensure accountability.
NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and enjoy having fun, then what are you waiting for? Apply today!
NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law. 