About Us: Calhoun International is an information technology and management consulting company providing innovative solutions to our clients. Our expertise ranges from strategic intelligence analysis and network modeling, expert instruction on intelligence analysis and sensors, and cyberspace operations to information systems training and services as well as knowledge management. Calhoun International is located in Tampa, FL with employees in Florida, Maryland, Virginia, Washington, D.C. and overseas. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.*Responsibilities: *The employee conducts data analytics, data engineering, data mining, exploratory analysis, predictive analysis, and statistical analysis, and uses scientific techniques to correlate data into graphical, written, visual and verbal narrative products, enabling more informed analytic decisions.Proactively retrieves information from various sources, analyzes it for better understanding about the data set. and builds Artificial Intelligence (AI ) tools that automate certain processes. Duties typically include: creating various Machine Learning ( ML)-based tools or processes, such as recommendation engines or automated lead scoring systems.Performs statistical analysis, applies data mining techniques, and builds high quality prediction systems.Designs how data will be stored, accessed, used, integrated, and managed by different data regimes and digital systems.Translate CCMD intelligence production end state and goals into machine ingestible code/tools.Works with data users to determine, create, and populate optimal data architectures, structures, and systems.Plans, designs, and optimizes data throughput and query performance.Participates in the selection of backend database technologies (e.g. SQL. NoSQL. UPC. etc.), their configuration and utilization, and the optimization of the full data pipeline infrastructure to support the actual content, volume. ETL. and periodicity of data to support the intended kinds of queries and analysis to match expected responsiveness.Qualifications: Master’s degree + 12 years of experience OR Bachelors degree + 17 years of experience.Experience with Computer/Data Science Languages including but not limited to: Java, Flash, C++, C#, Macromedia, HTML, XML, Analysis, Python, Corona SDK, JavaScript, WordPress, CSS, PHP, jQuery, Python, R, Watson IBM, Tableau, SASExperience with databases/applications/operating systems including: MySQL, Access, Oracle, SQL Server. MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Eclipse, SharePoint, Windows, Azure (cloud)Familiar with formats/medium/tools including but not limited to: Blitz, Cognos, Kibana, JEMA, SENTIENT, MIST, MOVINT, SOCET GXP, DotMatrix, Google Earth, SNAPGLASS or related toolsAbility to develop project based schedule and milestonesDesired experience: Prior CCMD experience. Ability to work in a fast paced/high OPTEMPO environment.Desired attributes: Confident, diligent, organized, strong planning, problem solving, and decision-making skills. Ability to adapt and perform under pressure in diverse environments.Security Clearance: TS/SCI & CI Poly eligibleJob Types: Full-time, Contract 