The Research and Analytics – supports the identification of new revenue data and analytics opportunities in verticals of interest. • Assist in strategic analysis, and strategic market research • Help in the execution of pilot testing of domain data and analytic products which are already in the pipeline. • Support existing and forthcoming relationships The impact • Bring new revenue: Drive new revenue from pipelined partnerships and products • Put new revenue on the radar: Put new monetization opportunities on the radar • Reducing risk in new ventures: Resources saved with the outcomes of strategic analysis, better preparedness on current and forthcoming opportunities

Qualifications • Masters Degree with a Bachelors in engineering/science • Excellent communication skills • Ability to work independently • Masters Degree with a Bachelors in engineering/science • Excellent communication skills • Ability to work independently • Experience working on data science projects, leveraging tools like Tableau, SQL querying, etc

Technology Doesn't Change the World, People Do.®

Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.

Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, instant notifications for AI-matched jobs, and more.

Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.4429. Robert Half will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information.

© 2022 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use . 