OUR STYLIST ROLE IS A REMOTE, PART-TIME, AND REGIONALLY BASED POSITION. We are not currently hiring stylists at this time but if you are interested in applying we would be happy to keep your application on file and reach out once we are hiring in your area. (Please note that we do not hire stylists in the following states: CA, CO, CT, IL, MA, ME, MT, NJ, NY, NV, OR, PA, RI, VT, WA, AK, or HI.)

Starting pay is $16.50 per hour with increases every 6 months during the first two years (at 6, 12, 18, and 24 months with the company) and a rate increase at year three, up to $19.25 per hour.

At Stitch Fix, we pride ourselves on personal styling for every one and every body. Stitch Fix stylists are instrumental in crafting the stylish and personalized experience we are known for. Stylists help our clients look and feel their best selves through building relationships, being style problem solvers and innovative thinkers by using Stitch Fix's unique blend of art and science to help clients find what they love.

Our remote stylists are a key component of our inclusive culture where we feel inspired to be our best and most authentic selves. They are empowered to operate within a flexible schedule environment that supports autonomy and business needs. Our stylists make the best decision for each individual situation through creative problem solving and providing a client experience that feels too good to be true (but is really that good!).

You're passionate about this opportunity because you:
Are energized about providing outstanding remote customer service by building relationships with and styling clients using our proprietary software that blends the art of styling with science
Believe we are better together and seeks out an organization that encourages partnership and feedback in service of growing, learning and development
Take initiative and contribute to our company by being the voice of our client and surfacing feedback to our Merchandising team
Are excited to be a part of an innovative cross-functional styling community of critical thinkers using creative solutions and our technology
We're excited about you because you:
Are bright, kind and motivated by challenge
Are passionate about delighting customers to look and feel confident
Are responsible, detail-oriented and have a stellar work ethic while also being extraordinary with time management skills
Are committed to growth and development including learning through written communication and emails
Are flexible and available to support the scheduling needs of the business in a remote environment
Are tech-savvy, a self-starter and a quick learner when working with new technology
Are comfortable using or learning G-Suite applications, including Google Docs, Gmail, etc.
Are a natural problem solver who has access to a computer that has a Chrome web browser and reliable internet service
Why you'll love working at Stitch Fix:
We celebrate having an inclusive culture where you feel inspired to be your best and most authentic self
We work remotely in a build-your-own schedule environment that offers autonomy and supports our business needs
We are an integral part of an organization that is on the cutting edge of changing the way people find what they love
We solve problems, delight clients, try new things and have fun while you work
We receive competitive market pay, paid sick time and a discount on your Fixes
ABOUT STITCH FIX

We're about personal styling for every body, and we believe in both a service and a workplace where you can be your best, most authentic self. We're the first fashion retailer to combine technology and data science with the human instinct of a Stylist to deliver a deeply personalized shopping experience. This novel juxtaposition attracts a highly diverse group of talented people who are both thinkers and doers. All of this results in a simple, powerful offering to our customers and a successful, growing business serving millions of men, women, and kids. We believe we are only scratching the surface on our opportunity, and we're looking for incredible people like you to help us carry on that trend.
This link leads to the machine readable files that are made available in response to the federal Transparency in Coverage Rule and includes negotiated service rates and out-of-network allowed amounts between health plans and healthcare providers. The machine-readable files are formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily access and analyze data. 