Who Are We?
Taking care of our customers, our communities and each other. That’s the Travelers Promise. By honoring this commitment, we have maintained our reputation as one of the best property casualty insurers in the industry for over 160 years. Join us to discover a culture that is rooted in innovation and thrives on collaboration. Imagine loving what you do and where you do it.
Compensation Overview
The annual base salary range provided for this position is a nationwide market range and represents a broad range of salaries for this role across the country. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. As part of our comprehensive compensation and benefits program, employees are also eligible for performance-based cash incentive awards.
Salary Range
$60,300.00 - $99,500.00
Target Openings
1
What Is the Opportunity?
Solid reputation, passionate people and endless opportunities. That's Travelers. Our superior financial strength and consistent record of strong operating returns mean security for our customers - and opportunities for our employees. You will find Travelers to be full of energy and a workplace in which you truly can make a difference.

The Bond and Specialty Insurance division of Travelers is seeking to add an Associate Account Executive (Underwriter) to our Private & Non-Profit team. This is an opportunity to join a successful, dedicated, and collaborative team of underwriters in a highly visible and challenging role. Associate Account Executives (Underwriters) have the opportunity to build a unique and rewarding career at an Industry leader within a highly specialized niche of the Insurance Industry.

Travelers offers a hybrid work location model that is designed to support flexibility.
What Will You Do?
Underwriting in Private & Non-Profit is a dynamic blend of the following:
Financial analysis/risk assessment: gather and analyze pertinent information in order to evaluate the acceptability of business risk within assigned book of business
Marketing: build and maintain relationships with agents, brokers, and insured clients to help achieve business goals
New business development and retention: sell to, negotiate with, and influence agents and brokers to manage a profitable book of business
Utilizing Travelers’ extensive amount of resources and tools, a Private & Non-Profit Associate Account Executive (Underwriter) will have the opportunity to make an impact and will:
Develop underwriting skills, product knowledge, and understanding of business unit strategy
Support the management of a high quality, diverse, and complex customer base across multiple industries
Partner with other high performing underwriters, senior leadership, and a highly specialized internal Claim organization to execute business unit underwriting strategy
Build and maintain successful relationships with assigned agents and brokers
Work with manager to design, develop, and implement a broker/agency sales and marketing plan specific to assigned territory
Learn to leverage Industry leading product expertise and data analytics to identify new business opportunities
Develop personally and professionally through training, mentorship, active management support, and a wide variety of career development resources
Experience Travelers’ unique culture which is collaborative, supportive, and values the need to balance work and life
What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?
Bachelor degree preferred.
Typically has a minimum of 1-3 years of work experience.
Industry Knowledge:
Demonstrates a fundamental understanding of the local marketplace.
Demonstrates an ability and desire to learn about Travelers and BU critical business issues and financial drivers.
Is able to apply that understanding to the sales plan, pricing strategy and underwriting strategy.
Product Knowledge:
Working knowledge of BU products/coverages and pricing and the linkages to strategy.
Understands organizational and regulatory rules, policies and procedures and effectively employs that knowledge in day-to-day work.
Able to proficiently use all Bond and Specialty Insurance technology tools.
Can negotiate skillfully in routine situations. Able to gain the trust of others quickly.
Takes ownership and responsibility for actions and outcomes, performance and results.
Can identify current or future problems or opportunities; able to analyze, synthesize and compare information to understand issues; able to identify cause/effect relationships and can explore alternative solutions to support sound decision making.
Able to remain energized and focused in the face of ambiguity, change or strenuous demands.
Demonstrates effective verbal, written and listening communication skills.
Can provide service excellence to internal or external clients.
Able to exercise sound judgment, make decisions and commit to a position.
Has the ability to work with and include people from different backgrounds, experiences, cultures, races, etc. and views those differences as assets to be leveraged to accomplish business goals and objectives.
Can seek out, build, foster and maintain productive relationships, networks or alliances to meet goals and achieve results.
Can work with others in situations where a team is mutually responsible to produce a result.
Can takes ideas different from own seriously; able to share responsibility and collaborate with others; accepts criticism well.
Able to self-reflect on strengths and weaknesses and is willing to improve.
Can seek out experiences that may change perspective or provide an opportunity to learn new things.
Can act as a role model for employees and keeps a positive attitude.
Acts in accordance with stated values; follows through on promises; uses ethical considerations to guide decisions and actions
A current/valid drivers license is required.
What is a Must Have?
A minimum of 1 year of related professional experience is required.
A current/valid drivers license is required.
What Is in It for You?
Health Insurance: Employees and their eligible family members – including spouses, domestic partners, and children – are eligible for coverage from the first day of employment.
Retirement: Travelers matches your 401(k) contributions dollar-for-dollar up to your first 5% of eligible pay, subject to an annual maximum. If you have student loan debt, you can enroll in the Paying it Forward Savings Program. When you make a payment toward your student loan, Travelers will make an annual contribution into your 401(k) account. You are also eligible for a Pension Plan that is 100% funded by Travelers.
Paid Time Off: Start your career at Travelers with a minimum of 20 days Paid Time Off annually, plus nine paid company Holidays.
Wellness Program: The Travelers wellness program is comprised of tools and resources that empower you to achieve your wellness goals. In addition, our Life Balance program provides access to professional counseling services, life coaching and other resources to support your daily life needs. Through Life Balance, you’re eligible for five free counseling sessions with a licensed therapist.
Volunteer Encouragement: We have a deep commitment to the communities we serve and encourage our employees to get involved. Travelers has a Matching Gift and Volunteer Rewards program that enables you to give back to the charity of your choice.
#LI-Hybrid
Employment Practices
Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. We value the unique abilities and talents each individual brings to our organization and recognize that we benefit in numerous ways from our differences.

If you are a candidate and have specific questions regarding the physical requirements of this role, please send us an email so we may assist you.
Travelers reserves the right to fill this position at a level above or below the level included in this posting.
To learn more about our comprehensive benefit programs please visit http://careers.travelers.com/life-at-travelers/benefits/.

0 