Equivalent Experience

The ME role is as follows-Develops, evaluates, and improves manufacturing methods and assembly systems • Maintains reliable and safe manufacturing/assembly systems while improving production rates, efficiencies, yields, costs and changeovers. • Analyzes, plans and improves work force utilization, space requirements, and workflow, and designs layout of equipment and workspace for maximum manufacturing efficiency. • Develops innovative solutions that benefit production efficiency, quality output and reduces production cost. • Performs process analyses (sequence and content of assembly steps, time studies, material flow analysis) and develops to-be assembly concepts. • Improves process capability and production volume while maintaining and improving quality standards. • Confers with planning and design staff concerning product design and tooling to ensure efficient production.

Skills:
GD&T, Manufacturing Engineer, Data Analytics, automation engineering, automation design, automation systems, automation testing, automation machine, Manufacturing engineering, Process improvement, Continuous improvement, Medical device, Lean manufacturing, Manufacturing process, Work instruction, Assembly, Design, Automation, Validation, Tooling, Project management, Mechanical engineering

Additional Skills & Qualifications:

Understanding of GD&T
Proficient in Microsoft Office & Excel
Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical/Industrial Engineering

About Actalent:
Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions.

The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. 