Description
Last year our HCA Healthcare colleagues invested over 156,000 hours volunteering in our communities. As a Data Analyst II CIBMTR with Sarah Cannon you can be a part of an organization that is devoted to giving back!
Sarah Cannon offers a total rewards package that supports the health, life, career and retirement of our colleagues. The available plans and programs include:
Comprehensive medical coverage that covers many common services at no cost or for a low copay. Plans include prescription drug and behavioral health coverage as well as telemedicine services and free AirMed medical transportation.
Additional options for dental and vision benefits, life and disability coverage, flexible spending accounts, supplemental health protection plans (accident, critical illness, hospital indemnity), auto and home insurance, identity theft protection, legal counseling, long-term care coverage, moving assistance, pet insurance and more.
Fertility and family building benefits through Progyny
Free counseling services and resources for emotional, physical and financial wellbeing
Family support, including adoption assistance, child and elder care resources and consumer discounts
401(k) Plan with a 100% match on 3% to 9% of pay (based on years of service)
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Retirement readiness and rollover services and preferred banking partnerships
Education assistance (tuition, student loan, certification support, dependent scholarships)
Colleague recognition program
Time Away From Work Program (paid time off, paid family leave, long- and short-term disability coverage and leaves of absence)
Learn more about Employee Benefits
Note: Eligibility for benefits may vary by location.
Would you like to unlock your potential with a leading healthcare provider dedicated to the growth and development of our colleagues? Join the Sarah Cannon family! We will give you the tools and resources you need to succeed in our organization. We are looking for an enthusiastic Data Analyst II CIBMTR to help us reach our goals. Unlock your potential!
As the Data Analyst II for Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research (CIBMTR) you will perform data analysis for transplant and cellular therapy patients in accordance to regulatory and registry reporting requirements. You are responsible for data quality, accuracy, and timely entries into databases.
You will make submission of accurate data to CIBMTR.
You will provide timely tracking and enrollment of stem cell transplant patients into federally mandated reporting systems.
You will participate in FACT accreditation by providing required documentation of the stem cell transplant patient.
You will input post-transplant and cellular therapy data into StafaCT.
You will comply with all policies, procedures, and regulatory standards.
You will generate reports from both STAFA and CIBMTR.
You will complete the Comprehensive Report Forms (CRF).
You will perform timely and accurate collection of all stem cell transplant information and follow-up information from the patient medical record and the patient’s providers.
You will manage the collection of data and extrapolates healthcare information for entry into database system.
You will assist in the Request for Information (RFI) process.
You will accurately complete TED (Transplant Essential Data) and CTED (Cellular Therapeutic Essential Data) forms.
You will provide physicians and committees with updates on data information.
You will facilitate requests for information on stem cell transplant patients from third party payers as well as independent requests for information related to hospital participation in research trials.
You will provide all patient follow up and statistics as request by the stem cell transplant program.
You will oversee and participates in internal and external data audits, as specified by the data analytics manager
You will prepare for and serves as the lead data analyst for all CIBMTR required data audits
You will interpret results of data audits and develop corrective action plan, as necessary
You will ensure all corrective action plans are completed and routinely audits for compliance
You will need for this position:
3-5 years Data analyst experience
Understand how to enter data into the various required databases.
Ability to work independently analyzing patient information and treatment pathways, with the ability to interpret medical terminology in oncology, and accurately enters data into CIBMTR database
Vocational/Technical School in healthcare or research field required; Bachelor Degree is preferred
Sarah Cannon is the Cancer Institute of HCA Healthcare. We offer integrated cancer services with easy access to cutting-edge therapies for communities across the United States and United Kingdom. Sarah Cannon’s cancer programs include individualized patient navigation. Our nurses are oncology-trained. More than 1,200 stem cell transplants are performed yearly within the Sarah Cannon Blood Cancer Network.
Through its services, Sarah Cannon provides state-of-the-art cancer care for hundreds of thousands of patients. Our cancer experts are collaborating and sharing best practices. We address every aspect of the cancer journey, from screening and diagnosis through treatment and survivorship.
HCA Healthcare has been recognized as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® by the Ethisphere Institute more than ten times. In recent years, HCA Healthcare spent an estimated $3.7 billion in cost for the delivery of charitable care, uninsured discounts, and other uncompensated expenses.
"There is so much good to do in the world and so many different ways to do it."- Dr. Thomas Frist, Sr.
HCA Healthcare Co-Founder
Be a part of an organization that invests in you! We are reviewing applications for our Data Analyst II CIBMTR opening. Qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews. Submit your application and help us raise the bar in patient care!
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 