Boston University's Metropolitan College seeks two dynamic and creative faculty members with expertise in data analytics or software development to join its nationally recognized Department of Computer Science (http://www.bu.edu/csmet/) at the rank of Associate Professor of the Practice starting July or September 1, 2023.

The Department is a leader in providing rigorous and industry-relevant education in areas such as information security, computer networks, computer information systems, financial informatics, digital forensics, and health informatics. Courses are offered in flexible face-to-face, blended and online formats. It offers the acclaimed Boston University online Masters in Computer Information Systems program, ranked as the 9th best online IT program by US News & World Report 2022. The department believes that the cultural and social diversity of our faculty, staff, and students is vitally important to the distinction and excellence of our research and academic programs. To that end, we are especially eager to have colleagues join our ranks who support our institutional commitment to ensuring BU is inclusive, equitable, and diverse.

Qualifications: The ideal candidate should hold a Ph.D. or equivalent degree in Computer Science or a related field, and have a demonstrated successful teaching and research record. We welcome applications from candidates with a terminal degree who have extensive professional and industry experience as well as an interest in teaching and applied research.

Responsibilities: Faculty duties include teaching up to six courses at the graduate and undergraduate levels per academic year, including blended and online courses, conducting active research, participating in course and curriculum development, and mentoring part-time faculty and students, as well as providing service to the department, college and the university. These are full-time, non-tenure track appointments at the rank of Associate Professor of the Practice with a renewable contract of up to five years.

The faculty positions offer significant opportunity for interdisciplinary and collaborative scholarly work, including research and curriculum development within Metropolitan College and Boston University, as well as the greater Boston area.

Salary: Commensurate with experience.

Please note all newly hired staff and faculty will need to be in compliance with Boston University's COVID-19 Vaccination and Booster Requirement within 30 days of date of hire. You must upload your vaccine documentation or request a medical or religious exemption (instructions). For further information on the University's response to COVID-19, please visit the COVID-19 Resources site.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are a VEVRAA Federal Contractor.
recblid q9gk3ao3wepwjroenyryw5ebwo1a3w 