For over 50 years, Summit Group has been helping companies “Live their Brand” through a multitude of solutions that include branded merchandise, reward & recognition technology and programs, eCommerce platforms and creative communication campaigns—all designed to impact employees, channel partners and clients. We pride ourselves in “Relentlessly Hunting for the Wow” for our teams and our clients. We believe that serving our clients starts internally with happy teams who feel appreciated and “Win as a Team”.
The Sales Operations Manager will assist the Chief Growth Officer in managing and optimizing sales processes, data/reporting, incentives/compensation, sales tools and various administrative tasks for the Client Success (sales) organization. We are seeking candidates in the Atlanta, Chicago and Washington, DC areas. A fully remote work arrangement will be considered as well.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES
Manage sales reporting and performance data analytics for the Client Success organization
Identify and execute sales processes improvement for the Client Success teams
Assist in developing sales incentives/compensation programs
Assist in new business development analytics / pipeline management
Assist in managing Client Success onboarding / training
Client Success admin/operational tasks
Manage CRM (future state)
What does it take to be a successful Client Success Operations Manager?
Strong Data and Analytical Mindset
Business Acumen
Critical Thinking / Creative Problem-Solving
Project Management / Strong Organization Skills
Process Improvement Mentality
High Level of Critical Thinking and Intellectual Curiosity
Effective Communication
KNOWLEDGE & EXPERIENCE QUALIFICATIONS
2 years of Sales Operations, sales support management, or business planning experience
Experience in B2B sales with branded merchandise, recognition + incentives, agency a plus
Familiarity with CRM systems such as NetSuite, Salesforce and Zoho
Microsoft Office proficiency required. Strong Excel skills needed
Bachelor’s degree preferred but applicable experience will be considered
We believe in building Better Lives for our associates and offering excellent benefits and perks, to include:
Comprehensive healthcare coverage
Flexible PTO Program (vacations are encouraged!)
Paid time off to “give back” to the community
401K retirement account to include an employer match
Summit Wellness Program, to include unlimited access to a Wellness Coach
Continuing education reimbursement
Culture means everything to us. Working at Summit will give you the opportunity to be around the best team members who are serious about family, values, and success. Together, the Summit family works hard to make our vision come alive, constantly finding ways to Build Stronger Brands to Create Richer Lives and a Better World.
Consider being a part of this exciting journey, and join our dynamic, growing team today


PI191362131 