United States
Position Description
The Volvo Group North America Digital & IT Development Program does not offer current or future sponsorship. Individuals with temporary visas or who require sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future are not eligible for the program.

Volvo Group North America Digital & IT Development Program – Your ticket to a world of opportunities

Data Analyst

Imagine yourself working with some of the sharpest and most creative brains in the transport and infrastructure industry, developing cutting-edge technologies and sustainable transport solutions that will change the future of society.
Imagine yourself working with IT in a company that really believes that people are its driving force, fostering a culture of energy, passion and respect for the individual.
Imagine yourself working for the Volvo Group, a global leader in sustainable transport solutions. A place where your voice is heard and your ideas matter. Together we move the world.

So what do we do at Volvo Group Digital & IT? For us, AI & Machine Learning, IoT, Cloud, Mobility, UX, cyber security, advanced analytics and other IT areas are top priority bringing Volvo Group into the future. Will you join us?

What is the Volvo Group NA Digital & IT Development Program?

The Volvo Group NA Digital & IT Development Program gives you a unique opportunity to gain a holistic view and understanding of the Volvo Group and the full Digital & IT community. It will be kick-start to your career through different assignments or parts of the organization, networking, professional and personal development. Upon completion of the program, you will continue to work in the position you were recruited in, either in the same delivery or in another assignment.

From the start, you will have a full-time position within the Volvo Group. During the one-year program, you will work on real projects, side by side with colleagues. In parallel, you and your fellow program participants will take part in common learning modules designed to help you grow your network, develop as a person, and prepare you for your future career in the Volvo Group.

What will you do?

You will work in a project or delivery team, where global complexity and business innovation are part of your daily work. You will have a home base together with colleagues working in the same field as you, where you share knowledge and experiences.

The tasks will differ depending on which delivery you will be assigned to. As a member of the daily work in your assignment and the program you will be involved in a lot of different activities:

Work with executives and other business leaders to identify opportunities for improvement
Create reports for internal teams and/or external clients
Collaborate with team members to collect and analyze data
Use graphs, infographics and other methods to visualize data
Establish KPIs to measure the effectiveness of business decisions
Structure large data sets to find usable information
Work with a team of analysts and other associates to process information
Create presentations and reports based on recommendations and findings
In the initial steps of your professional development, you will work close together with senior colleagues and you will find a lot of training and career opportunities within Volvo Group Digital & IT Community.

Do you have what it takes?
A BS or MS in Data Analytics, Data Science, Computer Science, Information Technology or other equivalent/related programs.
Maximum 18 months previous working experience prior to, or after graduation
A passion for continuous learning
A driven high achiever full of curiosity, self-confidence, and organizational skills
A strong communicator who works well within a team, respects others, always encourages and supports colleagues with the customer goal in mind.
Fluent in the English language including reading, writing, comprehending, and speaking.
Ability to present to various levels of management.
Experience with reporting tools (Power BI preferred)
Experience with database technologies (Relational, No SQL, Graph)
Who are you?

For us, IT is all about collaboration. This means that you have strong communication skills and the ability to interact with peers, colleagues, managers, and other departments around in the organization. We’re looking for people who have the will to learn from each other, who will always support the team and understand that together we reach further than going solo. To manage this position, we also believe it´s important to have:
Courage & Integrity: You are empowered and have the courage to act and demonstrate self-awareness, meaning you admit mistakes, fix them, and learn from them
Customer Focus: You listen to and talk with your customers about their needs, desires, and challenges
Result Oriented: work based on agile principles focusing on anticipating value to the business
Strategic thinking: You see the bigger picture and know when to let go of an idea, a project, or a plan
Travel

Occasional travel is required.
About us
The Volvo Group drives prosperity through transport solutions, offering trucks, buses, construction equipment, power solutions for marine and industrial applications, financing and services that increase our customers’ uptime and productivity. Founded in 1927, the Volvo Group is committed to shaping the future landscape of sustainable transport and infrastructure solutions. Countless career opportunities are offered across the group’s leading brands and entities that share a culture of Trust, Passion, High Performance, Change and Customer Success.
www.volvogroup.com/career.
Group Digital & IT has the ambition to enable value creation at scale for the Volvo Group. Digital solutions are becoming more and more key in the industries, where we are operating. The solutions and emerging technologies, provided by Group Digital & IT, enable our customers and their customers to do more with less, better for others and best for the future.
We are 3,600 employees located in more than 30 countries, present at all major Volvo Group locations, and we are working in a completely global organization.
In Group Digital & IT we strive for something bigger, we are truly customer centric, and we collaborate with inclusion, together cross the Volvo Group. We learn to stay ahead, we are curious and eager to acquire new and deeper knowledge, both as individuals and as teams.
Auto req ID
132217BR
Organization
Group Digital & IT
State / Province
North Carolina
City/Town
Greensboro
Employment/Assignment Type
Regular
Travel Required (maximum)
Occasional Travel
Functional Area
Information Technology
Last application date
04-Nov-2022
US Disclaimer text
Volvo Group North America is an Equal Opportunity Employer
E.O.E./M/F/Disability/Veteran

We Participate in E-verify 