This position will coordinate the mining and reporting of data that will be analyzed by the Dean and other leadership roles at Seaver College. The data analysis will provide insights that will improve decision-making and efficiency at the College. Ultimately, this position will enhance student learning and critical measures of performance (graduation rates, career placement rates, retention, etc) using insights derived from predictive modeling and analytics.

Duties

Advance the goals of Seaver College by using data-informed insights to improve decision-making in all areas of the College. Gather and analyze data to help Seaver leaders make significant decisions in the areas of class scheduling, faculty hiring, financial aid, summer school, and accreditation. Use historical data to make predictions and provide insights to Divisional Deans and the Seaver Dean's office to support student success in all demographics.
Collaborate with Pepperdine Information Technology and Business Intelligence units and serve as the director of the project providing first year enrollment information throughout the summer to the Seaver Dean's office, the Registrar's office and Housing and Residence Life.
Coordinate data collection and management for all areas of Seaver College.
Direct and perform data analysis and predictive analytics for all areas of Seaver College.
Create new dashboards, reports, and forecasting modules for use in decision-making by college leadership.
Serve on the Navigate leadership team as the Data Analytics specialist. Proactively improve analytic approaches, methodologies, data, and reporting capabilities.
Participate in meetings to contribute evidence-based strategies and recommendation to college leadership.
Provide direct support to the Dean of Seaver College, as needed.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Uphold University mission through work performed.

The above information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.

Skills and Qualifications

Required: Bachelor's degree. Exceptional organizational and communication skills. Ability to work independently and collaboratively. Expertise using computer applications and software programs. Expertise using Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access.

Preferred: Bachelor’s degree in statistics, analytics, data management, mathematics, computer science, or similar discipline Prior work experience in data management and analytics Experience using statistical analysis software, SPSS, SAS, R, or equivalent.

Qualified individuals should be able to articulate a strong commitment to diversity, and have the ability to work effectively with individuals from different backgrounds.

Offers of employment are contingent upon successful completion of a criminal, education, and employment screening. Qualified individuals with criminal histories will be considered for employment in compliance with applicable laws.

This is a Regular, Exempt, 40 hour per week position.

Salary: Commensurate with experience 