Overview:


The CCB Operations Shared Services team is a part of the Consumer and Community Banking Human Resources function and is responsible for informing management of critical trends and implementing solutions to enhance the employee experience. We accomplish this through:

Analyzing and understanding employee data to identify organizational insights, trends and opportunities
Leveraging visual storytelling to communicate the employee experience story in a way to inspire action.
Employee listening via surveys, focus groups, research and community outreach.
Solving employee experience challenges through design thinking.
Supporting the implementation of organizational initiatives by providing change management resources, process and project support.
This position requires an experienced professional who can inspire and lead the Shared Services team, provide recommendations to Senior Management regarding environmental performance through reporting and analytics, and lead cross-functional HR programs and initiatives that support the attainment of business and HR objectives.
This position reports to the Head of HR for CCB Operations and supports Operations & Technology senior leaders and HR Business Advisors.
Job Description


CCB HR team is undertaking an aggressive people-focused, global agenda and investing in innovative ways to deepen employee engagement by connecting the dots on behaviors and creating seamless experiences. Our ambition is to elevate employee experiences that responds to the needs of today and of the future
The HR Data Analytics Director combines analytic skills with specific domain knowledge to make data actionable, allowing for meaningful people experiences. The role will answer questions/hypothesis about the employee experience around human capital topics such as employee engagement, attrition and program effectiveness. The team translate between analytic and non-analytic HR groups as well as facilitate holistic, cross-functional learning. They collaborate, learn, teach and disseminate knowledge across the D&A community.
We are seeking a Director who will be a leader within CCB HR Analytics team supporting CCB Ops, Tech, and Product and Experience. They will work closely with HR Business Advisors to deliver insights in terms of descriptive, diagnostic, predictive, and prescriptive analytics.
Responsibilities

Lead a team of HR MIS employees that support CCB HR Operations, Tech, and Product & Experience
Champion data and analytics best practices across the CCB HR Ops, Tech, and Product & Experience team
Understand and translate business needs into data insights supporting long-term solutions
Facilitate the creation of data insights using statistical analysis to ensure quality foresight and high impact outcomes
Create executive level presentations, incorporating data elements as well as the end-to-end strategy and execution
Partner with the HRBAs and the LOB understand strategic business requirements and objectives
Consult with business leaders and HR Business partners to understand needs, identify opportunities, and recommend solutions that drive the right behaviors
Drive and lead cross-functional HR initiatives, projects, and processes using project management disciplines and techniques
Lead efforts to simplify the HR reporting environment through automation, elimination, and migration of Business Objects queries to Tableau.
Required Skills

Previous experience managing analytics employees
Expert knowledge of Tableau
Intermediate knowledge of Alteryx and SAS
Intermediate Data Statistical Analytics
Intermediate knowledge of Business Objects
Adept at explaining and converting complex concepts into digestible information in order to influence leaders at all levels
Proven ability to deliver data-driven insights that make an impact on the business goals
Exhibits critical thinking skills to understand and analyze complex problems
Passionate and innovative thinker who has the ability to successfully manage through ambiguity and drive to results
Effective communicator with ability to communicate (both written and verbal) across all levels of the organization
Ability to cultivate strong relationships and partnerships across functions to influence change
Proven focus on deliverables and ability to manage multiple high priority deliverables
Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.


We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
The health and safety of our colleagues, candidates, clients and communities has been a top priority in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. JPMorgan Chase was awarded the "WELL Health-Safety Rating" for all of our 6,200 locations globally based on our operational policies, maintenance protocols, stakeholder engagement and emergency plans to address a post-COVID-19 environment.
As a part of our commitment to health and safety, we have implemented various COVID-related health and safety requirements for our workforce. Employees are expected to follow the Firm's current COVID-19 or other infectious disease health and safety requirements, including local requirements. Requirements include sharing information including your vaccine card in the firm's vaccine record tool, and may include mask wearing. Requirements may change in the future with the evolving public health landscape. JPMorgan Chase will consider accommodation requests as required by applicable law.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans 