>>THIS IS A REMOTE POSITION<< Who We Are | Our Culture: Siemens Smart Infrastructure connects energy systems and buildings to adapt and evolve the way we live and work through high-profile construction and infrastructure projects such as airports, pharmaceutical plants, data centers, stadiums, universities, military bases, and hospitals. We live and foster an ownership culture, in which every employee takes personal responsibility for our company's success. We trust and empower our leaders to act as owners, direct their teams, and innovate to succeed. We communicate openly and honestly to learn from our failures and celebrate our successes. We recognize individual and team achievements frequently. We invest in our team members, offering a wide variety of internal and external development opportunities. At Siemens, we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow‘s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds About Charging-As-A-Service (CaaS) CAAS is redefining the EV charging market for private and public fleets, including autonomous driving fleets, transit bus agencies, and municipal and private fleets. We are building the next level of charging as a service, taking complete ownership and control of the charging infrastructure, the scheduling of the vehicles, the cloud platform, and the utility meter – in order to provide the highest availability and resilience in the market. In this way, we will accelerate the adoption of electric-powered fleets by optimizing the delivery of power and making refueling seamless and efficient. In a high-powered application like fast vehicle charging, the difference between controlled, optimally balanced vs unrestrained EV charging could be 3x in cost from your local utility. Even more importantly, EV fleets, in particular when part of critical and close to real-time business processes (for example in autonomous fleets) need to be scheduled for charging in specific time intervals. By taking control of the utility meter, and optimizing EV charge rate and vehicle process flow, CAAS provides the lowest cost of electric fueling possible in each depot location or in-route stops. Our approach is to offer charging as a service that is unique in the industry. We offer our customers a per mile driven or per kWh usage rate. CAAS provides the bulk of the upfront capital expenditures associated with the charging platform. What you will do for Siemens Smart Infrastructure: In the role of Team Lead, we are looking for candidates who want to be a part of something innovative and industry-leading in the EV mobility space by leading, architecting, designing, and implementing a Data Analytics product that can scale, perform and keep up with the ever-increasing business demand and transaction volume. This individual will work closely with product management and the engineering teams in executing the product vision to reality. Responsibilities: Manage updates to the comprehensive data and reporting roadmap. Provide visibility into delivered items and the prioritized backlog Be a technical leader, mentor, collaborator, and champion of best practices Architect, design, develop, deploy, and operate microservices that can ingest and analyze millions of IoT transactions Develop real-time dashboards and ad-hoc reports Develop predictive monitoring of events (and notification) before they occur Be a valued member of an autonomous, cross-functional agile team Participate in code reviews, retrospectives, and lunch-and-learns Mentor junior developers to help them improve their coding practices Lead development of projects Investigate and resolve system functionality and performance issues Qualifications: An experienced technical leader with a degree in Computer Science or equivalent 2+ years of Team Lead experience Strong analytical, planning, problem-solving, and decision-making skills Experience working with complex data models, queries, and visualization Experience developing a SaaS Data Analytics product Experience with Node.JS, GoLang or Python, or Java Experience with persistence storage: Postgres or MySQL. MongoDB, ElasticSearch or equivalent An aptitude for learning new technologies and applying them to the product suite Expert in domain-driven design and distributed systems including caching and queuing technologies Take pride in your craft and understand what it means to ship high-quality code Amazon Web Services (AWS) experience Where permitted by applicable law, Siemens may require employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 based on job requirements, and in accordance with accommodation based on legally protected reasons Preferred Qualifications: EV Charging domain experience. Benefits: Competitive salary based on qualifications Health, dental, and vision plans Matching 401(k) up to 6% Flexible vacation plan Paid parental leave #LI-KS1 Organization: Smart Infrastructure Company: Siemens Industry, Inc. Experience Level: Experienced Professional Full / Part time: Full-time Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law. EEO is the Law Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here. Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here. California Privacy Notice California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here. 