SUMMARY
Provide clerical office support and file maintenance by working with file materials applying various work methods and procedures.
*** Weekly Stipend for all out of area employees***
 $550.00 Weekly – 30 to 59.99 miles away from work location.
$800.00 Weekly - 60 to 120 miles away from work location. PLUS Lodging will be provided.
Work Location: Ogden, UT
Shifts Available:
M-F 4PM to 12:30PM
** Hours Can Vary
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Performs general clerical work including filing, sorting, batching, or grouping documents.
Extracts mail from incoming deliveries
Retrieves documents from files, file documents, associate documents with existing files.
Stamps documents with information such as received dates and numbers.
Prepares documents for scanning according to instructions including but not limited to carefully removing all staples from the document, and repairing rips, tears, or large holes.
Prepares paper tax returns for numbering and transcription, pen and ink changes on paper returns as well as other job-related duties as assigned.

SUPERVISORY/MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY
No supervisory/management authority.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
A High School Diploma or equivalent
A total of one (1) combined year of previous work experience preferably within a clerical, mailroom, material handling other work-related environment to the listed essential duties.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Ability to use a computer at a basic level.
Ability to maintain established records and files.
Must have good organizational skills.
Ability to understand and carry out oral and written instructions and to request clarification when needed.
The ability to lift up to 25+ lbs. and standing for long durations of time are required
The Following Federal Regulations need to be met:
Must be Federal tax compliant having both filed and paid any taxes due in a timely manner or be on an approved payment plan with the IRS and be current with payments.
Must have an acceptable FBI criminal history fingerprint and name check.
Must have two forms of identification from the Form I-9 to complete a Personal Identity Verification (PIV) process
All males born after 1959 must be compliant with Selective Service Registration law.
Must consent to credit history check resulting in acceptable determination by the Government.
Must complete Standard Form (SF) 85 and Optional Form (OF) 306 questions 1, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 16 and 17a via eQIP for Government review.
The ability to successfully pass a federal background check and drug screen as a condition of employment
Can travel daily for the work week
Have a reliable means of transportation to commute to the job site on a weekly and / or daily basis
WORK ENVIRONMENT
Work is performed primarily in a climate-controlled office environment
ABOUT THE TEAM:
Cherokee Federal is a division of Cherokee Nation Businesses, the economic engine of Cherokee Nation, the largest Native American tribe in the U.S. As a trusted partner, the Cherokee Federal team of companies manages nearly 2,000 projects of all sizes across the construction, engineering and manufacturing and mission solutions portfolios – ranging from advanced data analytics and telehealth to cybersecurity, cloud and logistics.
Since 2012, our team of companies has won $6 billion in government contracts and completed more than 5,300 federal missions. Our 3,600+ employees work in 20+ countries, 50 states and 2 U.S. territories.
Why Cherokee Federal? Visit cherokee-federal.com to learn why you should join our team!
Compliance
Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, gender identity and sexual orientation. If you’d like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please copy and paste the links to the following two sites: EEO Statement | EEO Poster ; https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf and https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf
If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may e-mail CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com for assistance. This email address is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the application process or status.
For Pay Transparency Non Discrimination provision, please copy and paste the following link: Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision ; https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf
We maintain an Affirmative Action Plan for proactively seeking employment and advancement for qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Upon request, we will schedule time to make our Affirmative Action Plan accessible. If you are interested, please submit a written request with the email subject line: 2021 Request to View Affirmative Action Plan to the Compliance Administrator at “ CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com ” This email box is not for resumes or follow up on job applications.
#CherokeeFederal
#LI-GM1
#LI-ONSITE 