Background


The successful candidate will join a team focused on delivering business impact through transformation of Data Quality (DQ) management. This role requires working with stakeholders across the Equities, CIB, and Corporate Functions to ensure required data is fit-for-use and fit-for-purpose. The candidate will leverage industry best practice and best practices at JPMorgan Chase data organizations.


This role provides an outstanding opportunity at JPMorgan Chase for the selected candidate to join a high-profile team and take a partnership role, supporting some of the Bank's major DQ programs.


The Equities DQ Lead will lead efforts to implement a central DQ platform that provides continuous automated testing of datasets used Equities Quantitative Research and Data Analytics processes. Such datasets can be in several formats, depending on supplier systems and consumer requirements, including KDB, Oracle, JSON, XML, CSV, Python. The Equities DQ Lead works in the Technology team with Data Engineers, Data Scientists, and Software Engineers.


Key roles and responsibilities:


Work in a matrixed team to deliver Equities Data Quality Platform. Responsible for:

Assisting with the implementation of DQ management (DQM) projects globally across Equities
Configuring a COTS DQ tool to connect to datastores in various formats including KDB, Oracle, JSON, XML, CSV, Python
Conducting data profiling to understand the basic quality of diverse datasets
Partnering with business stakeholders to drive focus on prioritization of DQ efforts
Performing project management functions related to the building of the DQ platform
Demonstrating thought leadership in DQ management techniques and methodologies
Liaising with firmwide and CIB CDOs to ensure alignment of Equities Data Office DQ implementation functions align with the firmwide and CIB Chief Data Offices'

Skills Required
UNIX, Python, KDB nice to have, Oracle, SQL
Experience with DQ tools such as IDQ, DataFlux, QualityStage is preferred
Cloud-based DQ platform implementations
Systems Development Lifecycle (SDLC)
Data Management principles
Program/project management
Experience working in a matrixed environment
Self-starter, able to work autonomously, with strong time management skills
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Preferred background in Tech or Operations
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
The health and safety of our colleagues, candidates, clients and communities has been a top priority in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. JPMorgan Chase was awarded the "WELL Health-Safety Rating" for all of our 6,200 locations globally based on our operational policies, maintenance protocols, stakeholder engagement and emergency plans to address a post-COVID-19 environment.
As a part of our commitment to health and safety, we have implemented various COVID-related health and safety requirements for our workforce. Employees are expected to follow the Firm's current COVID-19 or other infectious disease health and safety requirements, including local requirements. Requirements include sharing information including your vaccine card in the firm's vaccine record tool, and may include mask wearing. Requirements may change in the future with the evolving public health landscape. JPMorgan Chase will consider accommodation requests as required by applicable law.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans 