Role Overview

As a Data Analyst, you will be part of a dynamic environment within our delivery function helping clients solve complex data-driven problems and delivering on training adoption plans to support strong data cultures. We are looking for someone who genuinely enjoys connecting with people, training others in their journey, learning how data delivers value within our clients’ organizations, and solutioning the art of the possible with data and business.

The primary responsibility will be supporting our analytics managed service client through their data-driven journey and deliver measurable business value through business analysis, analytics thought leadership, training delivery, and ongoing client relationship management. The data analyst will constantly bridge the gap between internal technical experts and operational/functional stakeholders at clients.

We have a fun culture that celebrates individual differences. We believe in and are committed to creating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace. We value those who embrace adventure, subscribe to life-long learning, and take ownership and pride in their work. In our professional-yet-relaxed environment, we want employees who enjoy what they do, seek balance outside of work, and constantly strive to help us grow by helping our clients grow in their analytics capabilities.

What You’ll Be Doing as a Data Analyst

Perform (ad-hoc) data analysis tasks such as building reports, identifying trends, and making recommendations to customers based on findings

Recommend improvements to existing processes and procedures based on analysis

Communicate with internal and external audiences - presenting through strong written and verbal communication that resonates with the audience’s data literacy

Own requirements gathering and note-taking during client interactions - including data strategy assessments, client interviews, and ongoing client project check-ins

Develop and lead interactive training programs focused on reporting tool proficiency, data visualization and analysis best practices, and end-user data literacy and enablement

Troubleshoot and support resolution of client support tickets & data issues

Maintain client relationships and manage feature wishlists and platform enhancements

In a growing small company rooted in analytics, change is the only constant. A candidate for this role should be adaptable and excited about the opportunity to ‘wear many hats’ as every member plays an influential role in making DataDrive an amazing place to work and grow together. We want you to embrace the adventure!

The Data Analyst role is a full-time, salaried (exempt) role with both autonomy and support from our technical team and company leadership. We are not able to sponsor visas at this time.

What We Look For

5+ years experience in a business data analyst role (e.g. gathering requirements, developing reports/dashboards, wrangling data, developing actionable recommendations to business leaders)

3+ years experience of professional experience working in corporate settings, ideally in data analytics; consulting experience is a plus

Bachelor’s degree in fields like statistics, mathematics, computer science, data science/engineering, or information systems

highly relevant work experience may be considered a substitute

Familiarity with data visualization best practices and software

Experience facilitating requirements gathering meetings with external audiences

Experience developing training curriculums, ideally technical or data-related

Strong ability to communicate complex ideas effectively (verbal and written)

Ability to work both independently and in a collaborative team environment

Comfortable handling ambiguity & managing multiple assignments

Ability to work effectively with people at all levels of the organization

Additional ‘nice-to-have’ knowledge and experience includes

Google Workspace

Monday.com

Tableau Desktop

SQL querying

Master’s degree in data analytics-related field

We recognize that there is no such thing as a perfect candidate. We embrace professional and personal growth - so however you identify and no matter what your experience level, background, or education is, please apply if this role would make you excited to come to work every day!

Anticipated Schedule & Workplace Expectations

DataDrive is a remote-first company that embraces a flexible, virtual workplace. We expect employees to be generally available for meetings, collaboration, client communication, and support Monday - Friday during normal business hours (9a - 4p CST).

To maintain connection in a virtual world with our team and clients, employees are expected to

maintain regular access to high-speed Internet connections

turn on video/webcam for the majority of meetings

dress appropriately for their day (e.g. business casual for external audiences)

About DataDrive

Founded in 2017, DataDrive is a fast-growing managed analytics service provider that not only provides modern cloud analytics data platforms to data-driven organizations, but also supports ongoing training, adoption, and growth of our clients’ data cultures. We seek to elevate people and organizations by building strong data cultures and platforms.

DataDrive offers a unique team-oriented environment where one can develop their skills and work directly with some of the most talented analytics professionals in the business. We are a connected group who work hard, live well, care for others, & celebrate as a team.

We help our clients and ourselves win by showing up with the following values:

Embrace the Adventure

Win as a Team

Grow through Curiosity

Own the Outcome

DataDrive has been recognized as a ‘Best Place to Work’ by Minneapolis Business Journal.

DataDrive LLC does not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color, religion, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other reason prohibited by law in provision of employment opportunities and benefits. 