About the team
The BI Platform team contributes to the analytical stack by building platforms and tools that empower teams across Zillow Group to efficiently access and understand data at scale. The team takes pride in building tools that have a broad customer impact. In this team you will have an opportunity to build DevOps conscious tools that are scalable and cost efficient.

This team is part of the wider Data Platforms and is responsible for building the next generation tooling for Zillow’s Data mesh strategy.
About the role
We're looking for an engineer to join our team in building platforms for supporting analytics at ZG. In this role, you will:
Participate in the architecture, implementation, and operations of platforms and tools for querying Terabytes of data.
Collaborate with engineers, product managers, data scientists to understand their analytical needs.
Work on datalake and data warehouse to enable partner teams to efficiently derive insights on Terabyte scale of data.
Apply devops approach in building and operating the querying platform.
Research and pioneer the adoption and use of new technologies within Zillow.
This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $129,400.00 - $206,600.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location. Actual amounts will vary depending on experience, performance and location.
Who you are
2+ years software development experience
High proficiency in Python or another language.
Familiarity with cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, or GCP) and data lakes
Experience operating Kubernetes infrastructure in production environments.
Experience with big data technologies like Trino/Presto, Hive, Spark.
Experience in doing Devops for services or platforms using tools like Terraform, Datadog, Prometheus etc.
Passionate about data, analytics, and distributed systems.
Good communication skills and comfortable understanding business requirements and translating code to non technical partners.
Familiarity in engaging with end users and solving customer issues.
Get to know us
Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.
As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list.
Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.
Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter. 