Discover. A brighter future.
With us, you’ll do meaningful work from Day 1. Our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: We Play to Win, We Get Better Every Day & We Succeed Together. And we mean it — we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. We value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine.
Come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future with Discover.
Job Description
What You'll Do
Work closely with management to execute analytical initiatives.
Solve business problems by leveraging techniques such as segmentation, optimization, advanced analytics and machine learning.
Create reports and dashboards to closely monitor performance metrics and provide insights.
How You'll Do It
Develop advanced analytics solutions including customer segmentation, optimization, test & design of experiments and prescriptive analytics to solve business problems. Operate as a subject matter expert on statistical analysis, test and design of experiment, analysis methodology, modeling & application and financial impact analysis.
Collaborate with cross-functional partners to understand their business needs, formulated and completed end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations. Deliver effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of leadership, creating visual displays of quantitative information.
Establish and maintain effective performance tracking; identify improvement opportunity, form hypothesis, propose, design and implement tests to drive strategy enhancement and optimization.
Manage multiple priorities, communicate business performance and project progress to management & business partners.
Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs. Facilitate implementation of work product and ensure accuracy.
Consistently follow standard work processes and documentation requirements. Recommend improvement to work processes to increase efficiency while maintaining quality of work. Continuously improve technical and leadership skills through training and development.
Qualifications You'll Need
The Basics
Bachelor’s Degree in Analytics, Engineering, Statistics or related field
2+ years of experience in Credit Risk, Fraud Risk, Marketing Analytics, Optimization, Operations Analytics, Modeling/Data Science or related field
Bonus Points If You Have
Master’s Degree in Analytics, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or related field
Experience in Credit Risk, Fraud Risk, Marketing Analytics, Optimization, Operations Analytics, Modeling/Data Science or related field
What are you waiting for? Apply today!
The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover. 