At HelloFresh, we want to change the way people eat forever by offering our customers high quality food and recipes for different meal occasions. Over the past 10 years, we've seen this mission spread around the world and beyond our wildest dreams. Now, we are a global food solutions group and the world's leading meal kit company, active in 17 countries across 3 continents. So, how did we do it? Our weekly boxes full of exciting recipes and fresh ingredients have blossomed into a community of customers looking for delicious, healthy and sustainable options. The HelloFresh Group now includes our core brand, HelloFresh, as well as: GreenChef, EveryPlate, Chef's Plate, Factor, and Youfoodz.
Role: Sr. Conversational AI Designer
Target Level: Exempt
Location: Newark, NJ (100 Mulberry Street)
Reports to: Senior Manager, Process Improvement
Come see what’s cookin’ at HelloFresh!
At HelloFresh, we want to revolutionize the way people eat by making it more convenient and exciting to cook meals from scratch. We have offices all over the world and we deliver delicious meals to millions of people.

We are the industry leader in meal-kit subscription services and we’re growing all the time. We have distinct meal-kit services that cater to everyone with the most menu variety in the market, which allows us to reach an incredibly wide population of people.

The HelloFresh team is diverse, high-performing, and international, and our work environment is an inspiring space where you can thrive as a result.

Sr. Conversation AI Designer Job Description:
The Sr. Conversation AI Designer will report to the Sr. Manager, Process Improvement and support the vision of leveraging Artificial Intelligence and Natural Language Processing to enhance the customer experience here at HelloFresh. You will work with Project Management, the Process Improvement team, and other partners within the Customer Care department to gather and translate our business requirements into concrete technical solutions. You will have experience with conversational AI and Chatbot requirements, and a creative mindset to design and deploy creative user-focused conversational AI applications.

You will…

Must have experience in SQL and Java

Ensure excellent engagement between the Chatbot Brie and our customers within our digital platform.
Understand our requirements and create conversational dialogue flows aimed at solving the end user’s problem.
Contribute to and/or lead design sprints, workshops, reviews, and related activities with business and technical creative leadership
Manage conversational AI models by providing unique answer responses to each question's intents related to the use case.
Establish business rationality within the use-case and build conversational flows, linguistic conditions, ML conditions and language objects.
Lead dialog engineering, testing, and training for continuous learning and improvement
Work closely with the vendor teams to create technical specifications for how to improve the conversational creation process.
Diagnose and resolve defects found during QA and UAT test phases and support production releases.
Support Agile methodologies, balance our requirements with technical feasibility and set expectations on new use cases.
Track and analyze end-user experience for continuous improvement and maintenance.
Mentor and provide training to others within the team.
Support other tasks as assigned.

You are…
Experienced in deploying technology to support ongoing operational improvements, introduce automation and manage transitions from manual to tech-enabled processes
Passionate about creating engaging and effective conversational AI experiences.
Equipped to manage projects, gather data, organize ideas, form recommendations and implement solutions.
Collaborative in a team environment and successful independently
Able to prioritize workload and meet demanding deadlines.
A demonstrator of technical skills and proficiency through presentation and analytical tools necessary for creating visually and verbally engaging content/reports.
A "Foodie"- fanatical about food!
You have...
Bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems, data science, data analytics or a related field required.
At least 2-4 years of experience in developing conversational flows and logic with sound coding knowledge.
Sound knowledge of AI/chatbot development landscape, tools, and other frameworks that allow enhancing the bot quality for chat and voice.
Experience in programming languages such as Java, Scala, Groovy and SQL is required, Python experience is a plus.
Experience with contact center technologies and platforms is desired.
Strong organization skills and attention to detail.
Ability to clearly communicate ideas and concepts.
This position's essential functions demand the performance of the following physical requirements with or without reasonable accommodation:
Prolonged periods working at a desk and on a computer
Reading information on a computer screen and inputting data into a computer system

You’ll get…
Competitive Salary & 401K company match that vests immediately upon participation
Generous parental leave of 16 weeks & PTO policy
$0 monthly premium and other flexible health plans effective first day of employment
75% discount on your subscription to HelloFresh (as well as other product initiatives)
Snacks, coffee & catered meals
Company sponsored outings & Employee Resource Groups
Collaborative, dynamic work environment within a fast-paced, mission-driven company

It is the policy of HelloFresh not to discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, because they are a protected veteran, or any other protected classification under federal, state, or local law.
About HelloFresh

We believe that sharing a meal brings people of all identities, backgrounds, and cultures together. We are committed to celebrating all dimensions of diversity in the workplace equally and ensuring that everyone feels a sense of inclusion and belonging. We also aim to extend this commitment to the partners we work with and the communities we serve. We are constantly listening, learning, and evolving to deliver on these principles. We are proud of our collaborative culture. Our diverse employee population enables us to connect with our customers and turn their feedback into meaningful action - from developing new recipes to constantly improving our process of getting dinner to our customers’ homes. Our culture attracts top talent with shared values and forms the foundation for a great place to work!

At HelloFresh, we embrace diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of an individual's race, national origin, color, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, marital status or any other protected characteristic under applicable law, whether actual or perceived. As part of the Company’s commitment to equal employment opportunity, we provide reasonable accommodations, up to the point of undue hardship, to candidates at any stage, including to individuals with disabilities.

We want to adapt our processes and create a safe space that welcomes everyone so please let us know how we can accommodate our process. In case you have any accessibility requirements you can share that with us in the application form.

To learn more about what it's like working inside HelloFresh, follow us on Instagram and LinkedIn 