About the team
Zillow Group’s mission is to give people the power to unlock life's next chapter. The Customer Conversion AI team builds models that enable smarter products and deliver strategic insights that help customers transition from browsing to successfully buying or selling a home.
Zillow, the top real estate website in the U.S., is building an on-demand real estate experience. Whether selling, buying, renting or financing, customers can turn to Zillow to find and get into their next home with speed, certainty and ease.
About the role
This role will employ a broad variety of data science and machine learning skills to build production-quality models that help understand customer needs and facilitate their journey to transaction.
You will get to:
Leverage large, multi-modal datasets of customers' online and offline data to identify and solve customer challenges
Build scalable optimization models to ensure that each customer is connected to a real estate professional who can provide the service they require at the desired time.
Partner with a variety of teams such as mortgages, agent products, buyers, and sellers to tackle the most challenging modeling problems.
This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $150,200.00 - $239,900.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location. Actual amounts will vary depending on experience, performance and location.
Who you are
Are you passionate about all things “home”? Would you describe yourself as a curious and ambitious problem solver? Come help us guide our business into the future by building the models behind smarter products and powerful insights and recommendations! We're seeking an applied scientist with the follow qualifications:
Possesses an undergraduate or Master's degree in a quantitative field (e.g. mathematics, computer science, statistics, or similar)
3+ years of work in machine learning or data science/research in industry
Excellent communication skills with the ability to distill complex issues and detailed analysis into simple, structured frameworks with concrete action plans
Experience deploying machine learning models in production
Experience with processing and learning from large data sets using distributed frameworks such as Spark
Experience building statistical models to yield insights from complex user journeys
Strong proficiency in Python and/or another programming language; experience using SQL, Tableau, and Excel
Get to know us
Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.
As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list.
Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.
Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter. 