Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Do you want to make the skies even safer? Join an exciting Seattle, WA based data science team in performing complex data analysis of aviation data as an Associate Data Scientist . As modern aircraft produce increasing amounts of data in operations and maintenance, analytics is required to transform that data into actionable insight for Boeing’s engineering and business teams.

As a member of the Boeing Global Services (BGS) Engineering Analytics team, the candidate will work to support other data scientists and data engineers to analyze data, perform data/feature engineering work, engage with customers, and assist in the growth of a key focus area for Boeing engineering in Safety Analytics. This BGS team is partnered with other analytics organizations to focus on identifying and solving critical safety needs utilizing in-service data and insights.

The BGS Data Sciences team is looking to hire an associate data scientist with knowledge in fields such as advanced statistics, data engineering, and experience with developing customer oriented reports and visualizations.

These skills will be used to coordinate with other Boeing engineering teams, Airline stakeholders, and other analytics teams in the effort to develop data-driven solutions for the measurement, characterization and analysis of airline operational safety.

Position Responsibilities:
Modifies and analyzes standardized data sets using analytics techniques such as machine learning, statistical analysis, mathematical optimization and simulation

Identifies modeling attributes and parameters

Applies algorithms to create descriptive, predictive or prescriptive models to achieve analysis and project deliverables

Investigates data characteristics, complexity, quality and meaning. Through visualizations and summarizations, defines performance, identifies trends, outliers and drivers

Prepares data for analysis, e.g. cleansing, conditioning, transforming, handling missing fields, identifying new feature variables and handling multi-variate data

Supports identifying best-fit data science methodology (statistics, machine learning, optimization, simulation) given the data and business applications

Performs standard procedures in evaluation and validation of correctness of models and analysis

Supports evaluation and validation of performance of models and analysis

Supports determination of analysis requirements given business objectives

Supports determination of decision support needs

Matches data to requirements and performance metrics to support analysis

Prepares decision support visualizations and reports, algorithms, models, dashboards and/or tools. Monitors production and deployment

This position allows telecommuting. The selected candidate will be required to perform some work onsite at one of the listed location options.

The position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):
Bachelor's degree or higher

1+ year(s) experience in SQL

1+ year(s) experience in either R or Python

Experience in working with analytics technology stacks; Azure, GCP, Teradata, etc.

Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):
Experience in Global Services business or engineering offerings

Typical Education & Experience:
Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. Master). In the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard

Relocation:
This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility.

Drug Free Workplace:
Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

Shift:
This position is for 1st shift.

Union:
This is a union-represented position.

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. 