Create Your Career With Us!

Sanford Health is one of the largest and fastest-growing not-for-profit health systems in the United States. We're proud to offer many development and advancement opportunities to our nearly 50,000 members of the Sanford Family who are dedicated to the work of health and healing across our broad footprint.

Facility: Sanford Center Building

Location: Sioux Falls, SD

Address: 2301 East 60th St N, Sioux Falls, SD 57104, USA

Shift: Day

Job Schedule: Full time

Weekly Hours: 40. 00

Salary Range: $24.00 - $38.50

Department Details

Collaborative team; flexible scheulde

Job Summary

The successful incumbent will serve as senior research informatics support for Sanford Research and act as liaison between Sanford Research and Sanford Health enterprise technology and data analytics teams. They will have intermediate to advanced knowledge in healthcare data, information technology hardware, software, or informatics. Will lead exploration opportunities for technology to support research workflows and provide application support, investigate or escalate support issues, develop reports, data extracts, and database management. Support and/or lead training sessions and assist in the creation and maintenance of application end-user training.

Demonstrated experience in healthcare IT, or biomedical or clinical research. Use of IT knowledge to explore opportunities for technology to support research workflows. Use of analytical skills and experiences to provide application support, investigate or escalate support issues, develop reports, data extracts, and database management. Incorporate appropriate presentation techniques to support and/or lead training sessions. Assist in the creation and maintenance of application end-user training. Acting as an Honest Broker, lead the review of research data requests and perform advanced data extracts from various systems including Epic EHR, OMOP, and other research databases, create reports and perform analysis using multiple reporting mechanisms. Lead strategic planning and support for the OMOP database and other research databases as needed. Provide superuser level support and training to research end-users on various research-specific applications. Work with research investigators and teams, gather requirements, analyze, design, develop, modify, test, implement, evaluate, and maintain information technologies to support business and research needs. Manage information technology hardware and software assets, purchasing, software licensing, security access processes, and vendor relationships for Sanford Research. Analyze and make recommendations for technology and application workflow improvements. Liaison with Sanford Technology Solutions and Enterprise Data Analytics teams and share technical expertise with research informatics team members.

Expertise in and strict adherence to all applicable data privacy, confidentiality, security, and research regulatory requirements and policies as it relates to use of patient data for research purposes. Demonstrated ability to interpret and apply regulatory and legal requirements to different situations.

Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills, as well as excellent time management and prioritization skills required. Ability to work independently and adjust to new or changing assignments, processes, and people. Identifies and considers alternative approaches to situations or problems.

Demonstrate leadership ability in working collaboratively with investigators, research study teams, other departments and outside vendors. Ability to communicate diplomatically across integrated teams and organizational leaders. Demonstrate appropriate presentation techniques to support and/or lead end-user training sessions. Proficient verbal and written communication skills required. A positive attitude and performance with a high level of customer service.

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree plus two or more years related experience required. Will consider an Associate s degree plus five or more years of experience in lieu of bachelor s degree. Master s degree preferred.

Strong knowledge of information technology, informatics, or data science required. Previous experience in healthcare information technology or information management preferred. Experience in biomedical or clinical research or health care setting desired. Possess demonstrated analytical, problem solving, critical thinking, and strong verbal and written communication skills. Epic EHR, REDCap, database management systems, basic science laboratory software, clinical research management systems, or OMOP common data model experience a plus.

Maintain any certification/licensure as required by profession.

Epic EHR certification may be required depending upon specific role responsibilities.

Benefits

Sanford Health offers an attractive benefits package for qualifying full-time and part-time employees. Depending on eligibility, a variety of benefits include health insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, life insurance, a 401(k) retirement plan, work/life balance benefits, sick leave and paid time off. To review your benefit eligibility, visit https://sanfordcareers.com/benefits .

Sanford is an EEO/AA Employer M/F/Disability/Vet. If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request an accommodation for help with your online application, please call 1-877-673-0854 or send an email to talent@sanfordhealth.org .

Sanford Health has a Drug Free Workplace Policy. An accepted offer will require a drug screen and pre-employment background screening as a condition of employment.

Req Number: R-0112399

Job Function: Research

Featured: No 