Location: 7000 Target Pkwy N, Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, United States, 55445
JOIN US AS A LEAD ENGINEER – Automation Portal, Data Sciences Platform
About us:
Target as a tech company? Absolutely! We are the behind-the-scenes powerhouse that fuels Target’s passion and commitment to innovative innovation. We anchor every facet of one of the world’s best-loved retailers with a strong technology framework that relies on the latest tools and technologies—and the brightest people—to deliver incredible value to guests online and in stores.
The Team:
This engineering team is responsible for designing, building, developing, deploying, and maintaining an internal platform tool called Automation Portal.
Automation Portal is the premier platform for data movement & automated task scheduling across the Target enterprise. The platform is a combination of multiple distributed applications having broadly classified into 4 different streams:
1. Scheduler service, which acts as the brain of the platform and key decision maker which decides when & which workload to run.
2. Web application, which acts as the face of the platform and provides necessary user interaction needed. Users use this module to configure and schedule their workloads, be it a data movement or a simple task automation.
3. App stack, which acts as the limbs of the platform and provides different applications for different uses cases of the end user. Some of the example apps our platform supports are DataStream, Container as a Service (CaaS), Script Automation, Report Automation etc.
4. Microservices, which act as the interconnections between various components of the platform. These microservices provide both public and private API’s which are responsible for rendering web applications, as well as interaction between scheduler service, and applications supported by the platform.
All analytical data at Target flows through our systems from their source applications to downstream reporting applications where the reporting dashboards are built for business intelligence and business analytics. The Automation portal team provides a great mix of backend, frontend software development and infrastructure work and has a presence in Minneapolis, USA & Bengaluru, India. We embrace a culture of inclusivity and continuous growth.

About you:
As a Lead Engineer on this team, you serve as a specialist in the engineering team that supports the product. You will be driving and building the application's service offering to enable & support data science, data analysts, AI (Artificial Intelligence) and data engineering use-cases. You will be responsible for technical design and development of platform services and integration patterns. If you are a software developer with a passion for writing APIs (Application Programming Interface), building frameworks, working with innovative technology, and enterprise level solutions, this opportunity is for you. This highly passionate and energetic team possesses in depth domain and technical expertise, is always eager to try modern technology and share the knowledge across other teams and thrives on working on the latest technologies, building a sustainable search platform and contribute to Target Open Source. You have the skills to design and implement the architecture on your own but choose to influence your fellow engineers by proposing software designs, providing feedback on software designs and/or implementation. You show good problem-solving skills and can help the team in triaging operational issues. You leverage your expertise in eliminating repeat occurrences.
Here is a smattering of approaches important to us and the technologies we use: The Automation Portal Team is a platform as a service team. Everything we build is infrastructure as code. The team currently manages runtime environment of our platform across various private cloud platforms in target data centers We like to automate everything as much as possible to avoid any manual actions. Peer review and team collaboration elevate our code quality and level up engineering skills Everything is tested through automation. Whatever we build, we build automated tests alongside it. We are CI/CD. Our platform is deployed using Continuous Integration and Delivery We use main use Java and Java related technologies stack in our day-to-day development. We leverage frameworks such as Spring, Guice and Spring Boot when applicable, but keep our code lean where it makes sense
As a Lead Engineer, you will take the lead as you:
 Use your complex problem-solving skills to design, implement, and maintain automation portal platform services with an API (Application Programming Interface) first approach. Evaluate innovative technologies and participate in decision-making, accounting for several factors such as viability within Target’s technical environment, maintainability, and cost of ownership. Collaborate with the team to enhance code standards and design patterns. Build new features to enhance the automation platform offerings. Design and implement APIs, libraries, plugins that make it easy for automation portal users to interact with our platform. Write integration, unit, and functional test cases for all service functions. Lead and conduct code review, design review, testing, and debugging activities at the application level. Lead functional design and architecture discussions with understanding of process flows and system diagrams to enable design decisions. Participate in our weekly rotations to support platform services, systems and user support. Provide technical oversight and coach others to resolve complex and severe technical issues. Develop partnership and be able to work side by side with other Product teams. Design and implement monitors and dashboards for our systems and services.
Requirements:
 4-year degree or equivalent work experience 7+ years of full-stack software development experience Solid experience in Java programming language Experience with RESTful API design, implementation, and testing frameworks Experience with monitoring systems, tracing, and observability to manage large-scale systems Highly productive, self-starter and self-motivated. General understanding of CI/CD Practices (e.g., Git/GitHub/GitLab, Drone, private/public cloud) and experience with Container Orchestration solutions like Docker, Kubernetes. Ability to communicate technical terms to non-technical audience Ability to clearly articulate thoughts and ideas to stakeholders and partners Design new testing methods and resolve routine and non-routine technical issues Builds strong commitment within the team to support the appropriate team priorities Clearly communicates Agile concepts to partners within Product team Influences and applies data standards, policies, and procedures Stays current with new and evolving technologies via formal and self-directed education
Desired: Experience with streaming technologies such as Kafka Streams, Spark, or Flink. Experience developing and supporting high scale enterprise production systems. Experience writing applications interacting with Spring Batch or similar platforms is desired.
This position may be considered for a Full-Time Remote or Hybrid work arrangement based on Target’s needs. A Hybrid work arrangement means the team members core role will be a blend of virtual and onsite at a Target location. A Full-Time Remote work arrangement means the team member works full-time from home or an alternate location that’s not a Target location, does not have a desk at their primary HQ work location and may travel to HQ up to 4 times yr.
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada residents is $106,000 to $190,000. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, Target cares about and invests in you as a team member, so that you can take care of yourself and your family. Find competitive benefits from financial and education to well-being and beyond.
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
Target will provide reasonable accommodations (such as a qualified sign language interpreter or other personal assistance) with the application process upon your request as required to comply with applicable laws. If you have a disability and require assistance in this application process, please visit your nearest Target store or Distribution Center or reach out to Guest Services at 1-800-440-0680 for additional information. 