Senior Data Scientist (TMP Worldwide Advertising & Communications, LLC (d/b/a Radancy), New York, NY)
Collaborate with Data Scientists on designing and implementing data related products and initiatives, including participation in requirements gathering, analysis, planning, and developing solutions.
Responsible for timely data availability and system up-time through support functions and in-depth testing.
Gather requirements, analyze, create design documents, and perform impact analysis.
Partner with Data Scientists and stakeholders in cultivating long-term strategic goals for development in conjunction with end users, managers, and clients.
Continuously evaluate industry trends for opportunities to utilize new technologies and data sources for improvement and prepare strategies to implement these enhancements in the data environment.
Research and recommend products, services, and standards in support of procurement and development efforts of the company’s data initiatives.
Develop an automated pipeline for the Data Scientists to be able to train, test, and deploy their models.
Produce guidelines and standards for the pipeline and the API’s that will be built.
Assist users with problems and resolve issues.
Create test plans, test cases, and test scripts and perform testing of the related environments.
Minimum Requirements:
Master’s degree or U.S. equivalent in Computer Science, Information Systems, Data Science, or a related quantitative field plus 2 years of progressively responsible post-graduate experience in each of the following:
Query development and design using SQL;
Working and deploying machine learning models from taking the data from the exploratory phase, to modeling, then validation, to production, and maintenance;
Using at least one of the following Python packages: Pandas, NumPy, or SciPy;
Using at least two of the following cloud providers: Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Services, or Azure;
Using at least one of the following machine learning Python packages: Keras, TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn, or PyTorch;
Using at least one of the following data pipeline Python packages: Luigi or Airflow; Building REST APIs with Flask or Django to deliver findings to users;
Using at least one of the following data visualization Python packages: Matplotlib, Bokeh, or Seaborn;
Building out Natural Language Processing (NLP) and/or Reinforcement Learning (RL) models; and
Deploying machine learning models across hybrid environments of on-premises and cloud providers.
Please apply online at: https://www.radancy.com/careers 