About the team
Zillow’s Mortgage Data Engineering (MDE) team supports the most critical datasets in Zillow powering Zillow Home Loan and other critical initiatives. The MDE team works with near real time and batch data products to surface high-quality datasets for analytics consumption.
About the role
As a Principal Software Development Engineer in the Zillow Group MDE team, you will play a central role for powering analytical and data science teams by providing validated high-quality property datasets that are a single source of truth across the organization. In addition, you will:
Architect, design, build, implement and support data pipelines/products to serve ML and Analytical use cases
Collaborate with product managers, business stakeholders, engineers, data scientists, and analysts on mission-critical Mortgage data needs to build world class datasets
Lead architecture, implementation, and operations of platforms and tools for securing, processing, and querying data at scale.
Provide the technical leadership to design and develop the batch and real-time data platforms to create highly reliable data products.
Research and pioneer the adoption and use of new technologies within Zillow.
This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $181,000.00 - $289,100.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location. Actual amounts will vary depending on experience, performance and location.
Who you are
7+ years software development experience with very high proficiency in Python or Scala or Java.
Have previously designed and built complex, highly scalable / reliable data pipelines, using the Big Data ecosystem (Hadoop/Hive/Spark/Presto/Airflow/Kinesis or equivalents)
Led the design/implementation of config driven, scalable, reliable services and workflows/pipelines using AWS or other cloud services.
Experienced in establishing and promoting high standards in DevOps, Security, CI/CD, monitoring, data validation, testing, etc.
You have deep experience in applying automation to data engineering (DataOps)
Passionate about data, analytics, and distributed systems.
Excellent interpersonal skills and passionate about collaborating across organizational boundaries.
Comfortable distilling informal customer requirements into problem definitions, resolving ambiguity and balancing challenging objectives.
Passionate about mentorship and coaching/onboarding/leading teammates.
Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science or a related discipline.
Experience with Flink, Spark, Presto, Airflow, Docker, and/or Kubernetes is a plus.

Here at Zillow - we value the experience and perspective of candidates with non-traditional backgrounds. We encourage you to apply if you have transferable skills or related experiences.
Get to know us
Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.
As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list.
Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.
Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter. 