As a Product Analyst, you will be responsible for all aspects of the product life cycle including the technical, functional, and business foundations of our products. You will act as the liaison between cross-functional teams including but not limited to; Change Management, Software Development, and the Call Center. Your goal is to effectively manage multiple simultaneous projects, deadlines and deliverables all while communicating the overall product delivery to your team. In addition to product management, you will be responsible for testing a variety of software applications to help ensure our products are to the highest quality. If you feel comfortable working in a fast-paced, time-sensitive environment, this is the position for you!Requirements: A degree with technical or business emphasis, preferredUnderstanding of business intelligence and data analyticsEffective oral and written communication skillsAbility to identify issues and problem solveAutomotive or dealership experience is a plus, but not requiredBenefits: Our associates receive medical, dental, vision, and life insurance. We also offer company contributions to your HSA, 6% match on 401(k), and a work/life balance with paid time off. At our Houston office, you can take advantage of our great training programs and facility amenities, including onsite dining and medical center. We also offer a wide variety of sports and social leagues to participate in after work, along with volunteering initiatives through our Associate Foundation.About Our Company: Established in 1866, Reynolds and Reynolds offers the Retail Management System – a complete suite of products and services for automotive dealerships. Reynolds solutions are built as one, to work as one, for all areas of the dealership. While headquartered in Dayton, Ohio, Reynolds has offices all over the world, employing more than 4,300 associates. We offer a variety of opportunities: Energizing projects, high-powered teaming, constant learning, and professional growth.Reynolds and Reynolds promotes a healthy lifestyle by providing a non-smoking environment.Reynolds and Reynolds encourages applicants of all ages and experience to apply, as we do not discriminate on the basis of age.Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Location: One location 