US Tech Solutions is seeking a “Analyst - Loyalty & Marketing Data Analytics III” for a 7 month contract position with a client in Chicago, ILJob Poster:  Bishwaroopa SinghThis position is Remote.Description: As an analyst, you will partner with MileagePlus and Marketing teams to lead, define and execute data analytics initiatives that create sustainable revenue and share growth, efficiencies and cost savings. This role requires business intuition, project management experience, and a working knowledge of analytical tools. This role reports to the Senior Manager – Loyalty & Marketing Data Analytics.Required: Experience working with large datasets and reporting or visualization toolsFamiliarity with database interface tools including SQL & PythonProven proficiency with Microsoft Excel and PowerPointExperience with statistical tools and programming (R, Python, SAS, or similar)Experience with Tableau, Spotfire or other visualization toolsExperience with statistical analysis and modeling including linear regression, segmentation, non-linear predictive (e.g. logistic) regression or machine learningAbout US Tech Solutions: Your talent, our opportunities - This is the premise behind US Tech Solutions.You have the skill we have the opportunity. As a team, we work passionately for you to get the right career opportunity across industry verticals and functions. For past sixteen years, leading GlobalCompanies and Fortune 500 come to us to get the right talent. Whether you want to work as full-time, contractor or part-time, technical or non-technical our talent consultants will connect with the right career opportunity globally.Connect with our talent team today.USTECH was founded in 2000 by Manoj Agarwal. Today, we are a global firm offering talent solutions to 150 customers including 20% of Fortune 500 across Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Aerospace, Energy, Retail, Telecom, Technology, Manufacturing, and Engineering. We are headquartered in New Jersey with 40 global locations across the USA, Canada, Europe, and India. Deloitte has recognized USTECH as one of the fastest growing private businesses for the past five consecutive years and INC 500 for the past three. We have also been rated “The Top Business in the US" by Diversity Business since 2011. To learn more about how US Tech Solutions visit our website: www.ustechsolutions.com.“U.S. Tech Solutions, Inc. is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer. Our employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected status.”Job Types: Contract, Full-timeSchedule:8 hour shiftAbility to commute/relocate:Chicago, IL: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)Experience:SQL: 1 year (Preferred)Marketing: 1 year (Preferred)Work Location: One location 