LOCATION 4287 Route 130 S Edgewater Park NJ US 08010
Overview
Come join our growing team of data practitioners and be on the leading edge of Burlington’s digital transformation! Burlington is seeking a self-driven and highly motivated individual to join a dynamic team with a passion for data, software, and engineering. At Burlington you will have the opportunity to work with the latest technologies in a goal-oriented environment.
The Data Engineer II is a member of the Enterprise Data and Analytics team supporting business areas including Merchandising, Allocations, Marketing, IT and Supply Chain Analytics teams with insights gained from analyzing Burlington and external data. The successful candidate will have strong experience pulling data from various internal and external data sources and preparing it for advanced analytics, segmentation, and modeling. Must have strong interpersonal and relationship building skills as well as written and verbal communication skills.
Education:
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science / Engineering, Informatics, or related areas.
Experience:
3-5 years of experience in designing and implementing large scale data loading, manipulation, processing, analysis, and exploration solutions
Extensive experience developing SQL based data processing
5+ years of experience with Data Architecture, Data Warehouse, Data Lake, Data Marts and Data Stores with focus on AI/ML techniques
Experience with Snowflake and Oracle Databases as well as Azure and ADLS
Skills and Abilities:
Technical expertise with pulling and massaging data
Great understanding of first/third party data
Agile Development methodology
Database Normalization
Advanced SQL skills
Understanding of data management principles and processes
Passion for data, analytics and pushing business innovation
Strategic thinker who loves technology and innovation
Excellent communication skills
Preferred Skills:
Experience with Informatica IICS
Experience with Azure or one of the cloud data platforms.
Unix / Linux Experience.
Experience with SSH / SFTP protocols.
Experience with Jenkins Pipelines.
Previous experience with DevOps.
Experience with CI/CD.
Experience with Python / Java programming languages.
If you…
…are excited to deliver great values to customers every day;
…take a sense of pride and ownership in helping drive positive results for a team;
…are committed to treating colleagues and customers with respect;
…believe in the power of diversity and inclusion;
…want to participate in initiatives that positively impact the world around you;
Come join our team. You’re going to like it here!
Burlington is committed to being an employer of choice. We offer a competitive wage and benefit package including a generous paid time off plan, a company matched 401(k) and an associate discount. Our associates make a difference in the lives of customers, colleagues, and our communities through various social responsibility initiatives. As a growing company, we offer a variety of professional development and career growth opportunities.
\#LI-TG1
Posting Number 2021-154885
Location US-NJ-Edgewater Park
Address 4287 Route 130 S
Zip Code 08010
Workplace Type Remote
Position Type Regular Full-Time
Posted Date 6/23/2021 9:43 AM
Career Site Category Corporate
Position Category Information Technology
Evergreen Yes 