The Opportunity:
Are you highly analytical and look to drive data-based decision-making? Do you enjoy using statistics and building predictive models to solve business problems? If so, apply today to be a part of the Data Analytics Team as a Data Science Senior Analyst. You will provide quantitative analysis and statistical methods to understand business drivers, improve business processes, and lead new data-driven tests and initiatives within Fisher Investments. You will report directly to the Group Manager.
The Day-to-Day:
Research and develop predictive models, statistical analyses and optimization algorithms, to achieve our goals and understand business needs
Develop proof of concept solutions, and work with application developers to implement ideation and maintain scalable products
Focus on deep dives into data to find problems or trends, reduce unnecessary cost and/or increase ROI, and drive better business decisions
Manage the deployment of data-driven tests and initiatives within the organization
Use rigorous statistical methods to create test designs and build out data infrastructure to monitor test and initiative success
Present findings and recommendations to senior managers and executives with quantitatively guided analysis
Consult with different business leaders and teams on spreading best analytical practices
Mentor group members on practical applications of statistics and probability
Your Qualifications:
5+ years of experience in data science: machine learning, statistics, and/or programming
Demonstrated ability to take on technical projects
Experience with machine learning techniques, experimental design, and large datasets
Proficiency in the following, or related, software packages: SQL, R, Excel (can perform complex functions)
A Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent combination of education/experience
Why Fisher Investments:
At Fisher Investments, we work for a bigger purpose: bettering the investment universe. From unmatched service to unique perspectives on investing, it's the people that make the Fisher purpose possible. And we invest in them by offering exceptional benefits like:
100% paid medical, dental and vision premiums for you and your qualifying dependents
A 50% 401(k) match, up to the IRS maximum
20 days of PTO*, plus 9 paid holidays
8 weeks paid Primary Caregiver Parental Leave
Back-up Child Care Program available, offering up to 10 days annually
A cumulative learning and development framework customized for every employee
An award-winning work environment - we're Great Place to Work Certified, and Top Workplace winners from The Oregonian
We take great pride in our inclusive culture. We value the different perspectives and unique skills you bring to the team – it makes us all better. Success at Fisher Investments is motivated by results, a collaborative mindset and a commitment to accomplishing great things – so if you are ready to do that, we are ready for you! Apply today to be a part of a team environment where you make a difference in the lives of people by bettering the investment universe.
California employees accrue up to 17 days of PTO and 3 days of sick time per year.
FISHER INVESTMENTS IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 