Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
The Boeing Company is seeking a Test and Evaluation Engineering Manager to join the Boeing Test and Evaluation organization in Seattle, Washington . The individual will have responsibility to lead test teams assigned KC-46 Tanker and test support to AWAC and AEW&C Programs.

The Puget Sound-based FTE management team leads a dynamic organization in performing developmental and certification flight testing of Boeing military derivatives and all commercial airplane models. Testing on military derivative programs is conducted globally with commercial testing conducted primarily out of Puget Sound area, WA.

Position Responsibilities:
Provide oversight of engineering employees responsible for test planning, definition and authorization of airplane configuration changes, test instrumentation and data system development and operation, test conduct and test data analysis in support of airplane development and sustaining flight test programs

Manage, develop and motivate team members

Provide leadership in the areas of test program development and integration, scheduling and execution, trade studies, departmental processes/policies and setting operational goals

Assess and lead resolution of issues impacting test program progress, including root cause corrective action to prevent recurrence

Utilize operational skills to raise team performance and meet cost, schedule and quality commitments

Develop and maintain budgets, schedules, earned value metrics and performance measures

Build relationships and partnerships with customers, peers, suppliers, direct reports and other stakeholders

Occasional travel is required

This position is expected to be 100% onsite. The selected candidate will be required to work onsite at the listed location option.

This position requires an active U.S. Secret Security Clearance (U.S. Citizenship Required). (A U.S. Security Clearance that has been active in the past 24 months is considered active)

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):
Bachelor's, Master's, or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study in STEM (science, technology, engineering or mathematics)

3+ years of experience leading or managing projects and/or teams

3+ years of experience building strong business partner relationships

Preferred Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):
3+ years of experience leading or managing Military projects and/or teams

Experience with Earned Value Management

Experience with data analytics, database architecture, coding familiarity & systems level thinking

Experience in mentoring, teaching, career development

Relocation:
This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility.

Drug Free Workplace:
Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies .

Shift Work Statement:
This position is for 1st shift

At Boeing, we strive to deliver a Total Rewards package that will attract, engage and retain the top talent. Elements of the Total Rewards package include competitive base pay and variable compensation opportunities.

The Boeing Company also provides eligible employees with an opportunity to enroll in a variety of benefit programs, generally including health insurance, flexible spending accounts, health savings accounts, retirement savings plans, life and disability insurance programs, and a number of programs that provide for both paid and unpaid time away from work.

The specific programs and options available to any given employee may vary depending on eligibility factors such as geographic location, date of hire, and the applicability of collective bargaining agreements.

Please note that the salary information shown below is a general guideline only. Salaries are based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.

Summary pay range: $138,550-$187,450

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. 