About Vaco San Antonio (formerly Aventine Hill Partners)
We are looking for a career consultant to join the Vaco family for many years to come. The ultimate goal is to satisfy our client's needs, while developing a mutual partnership to help accomplish your career goals/aspirations. As a career consultant you will achieve expanded industry knowledge, high visibility within an enterprise organization and rewarding engagements to help accomplish a true business challenge. Please review a description below of our ideal partner!
AML Analyst (Consultant) - Mandatory Requirements
8 years experience in Fraud/AML roles with a Bachelor's degree. 2 of those years specifically in a QA/QC role
12 years of experience in Fraud/AML roles without a Bachelor's degree
AML Analyst - Position Description

Evaluate the quality of work from investigators who conduct complex data analysis using AML/fraud management tools and systems to detect patterns and trends consistent with money laundering and fraudulent activity. Utilizes detailed knowledge of the Bank Secrecy Act, USA PATRIOT Act and Office of Foreign Assets Control laws and regulations to assess the quality of Suspicious Activity Reporting related to fraud activity
Review a minimum of 2 SAR cases per day, ramping up to 4/day. 7-8 non-SAR cases daily.
The AML / Fraud position will utilize detailed knowledge of the Bank Secrecy Act, USA Patriot Act and Office of Foreign Assets Control laws and regulations.
The AML / Fraud position ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Additional Requirements
Commitment to 9-12 months+ on the project
Eligibility to work in the USA
Bachelor's Degree or Minimum of 12 years in AML/Fraud
Preferred
CAMS
Public Accounting or Corporate Accounting
Industry experience in the following: financial services, banking and public accounting
Internal Controls experience
Experience briefing C-level management
Data analytics experience
Compensation and Benefits
Compensation commensurate with experience
Health, dental, vision and flexible spending account
401(k)
PTO to be determined
Professional training, development and advancement 