About the Company:

Avalon Healthcare Solutions, headquartered in Tampa, Florida, is a clinical services and information technology company using evidence-based medicine to develop and deploy medical policies and protocols in the high-volume, dynamic and complex diagnostic lab environment. The company manages the appropriate use of thousands of existing lab tests and researches new tests to determine efficacy and impact on patient care.

Studies show that 30% of clinical laboratory testing is unnecessary or overused. Inappropriate testing or missing a key screening can lead to complications and expense arising from unwarranted care, or not obtaining proper care when needed, leading to increased health risks and costs. Avalon helps ensure delivery of the right test, at the right time, and in the right setting. We seek to ensure the most effective patient treatment, improve clinical outcomes, and optimize cost and affordability.

Avalon is a portfolio company of Francisco Partners, a global private equity firm that specializes in investments in technology and technology-enabled service companies. Since its launch 15 years ago, FP has raised approximately $10 billion and invested in more than 150 companies.

Avalon is a high growth company where every associate has an opportunity to make a difference. You will be part of a team that shapes a new market and business. You'll enjoy seeing the results of your work as we rapidly implement our plan. Most importantly, you will help Avalon to achieve its mission and improve clinical outcomes and health care affordability for the people we serve.

For more about Avalon, please visit our website at http://www.avalonhcs.com.

About the Clinical Quality Improvement Specialist Position:

The Clinical Quality Improvement Specialist facilitates the establishment of QI activities and methods of measurement that are prioritized to organizational priorities. This position collaborates with various functional areas to understand and alleviate obstacles as needed and monitors for successful performance via the Quality Improvement Committee.
Clinical Quality Improvement Specialist - Essential Functions and Responsibilities:

Establish annual QI Work Plan document which defines quality improvement priorities from both an activity and metric standpoint; update to insert data and information as received; conduct annual evaluation.
Monitor required QI Work Plan metric trends, identify variation, convene functional area or cross-functional teams as needed to conduct root cause analysis and institute meaningful action to achieve defined performance goals.
Develop and monitor CLO (Clinical Operations) quality reports.
CLO Data analytics.
Review QI and Utilization Management Program Description documents; identify and act on any need for revision identified.
Set agenda/create Quality Improvement Committee meeting materials to drive desired meeting outcomes and ensure proper recording of committee activities.
Perform various department functions and processes, such as those associated with client health plan delegation oversight, internal auditing functions, and annual QI/UM operational policy review and revision.
Manage and monitor clinical quality studies that may be undertaken by Avalon, to include receipt and analysis of trended data, assessment of national benchmarks as available, development of improvement recommendations (to include ROI and best practice interventions as appropriate), presentation to senior leadership, implementation of plan, and evaluation for desired result.
PRISM implementation/integration.
Other duties as assigned by Manager.

Clinical Quality Improvement Specialist - Qualifications:

3-5 years of Health Care Quality Improvement experience in a managed care or health care services vendor relationship setting
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
CPC (Certified Professional Coder) and/or CCS (Certified Coder Specialist)
Certified Billing and Coder
Working knowledge of Medical Policies and clinical coding.
Strong knowledge of Health Plan claims, medical billing, and coding
Expert proficiency in written and oral communication skills required.
Expert proficiency in computer skills including Microsoft Office Suite products.
Strong understanding of health insurance claims and terminology.
Strong communication, delivery, and presentation skills.
Strong understanding of laboratory billing and reimbursement practices.
High attention to detail and documentation.
Clinical experience with a background of ICD-20, CPT, and HCPCS coding principles.
Exceptional interpersonal skills with demonstrated ability to work independently as well as with a team.
Strong organizational skills.

Clinical Quality Improvement Specialist - Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and industry standard billing, compliance, and reimbursement methodologies.
Lab/Genetic test experience/familiarity.
Familiarity with commercial payor medical policies
Knowledge of and experience with laboratory medical coding rules and regulations, compliance, reimbursement, bundling issues.
Experience with data analysis tools
Certification in Healthcare Quality
Biology, chemistry, medicine, nursing, medical technology, or related field of education

PM18
PI190844772 