The successful candidate will have responsibility for core HR services delivery for a defined set of people managers within a Business Unit (Greenhouse) to enable manager (client) and team effectiveness, nationalized consistency, and exceptional employee experience.
Enable Leader/ People Manager Effectiveness
Team Level:
Proactively partner with Leaders (GM) /People Managers (clients) in the execution or operational excellence within their facilities.
Lead team building activities with clients as they support their teams.
Lead union avoidance activities.
Lead employee experience initiatives to drive employee engagement with managers/teams.
Individual Level:
Ensure clients are onboarded effectively and have ongoing support. Key areas of focus include providing guidance on core manager responsibilities (i.e. hiring, assessing, rewarding, developing, promoting, and separations). Ensure all leaders and managers have a Management Development Plan (management training plan) in place; ensure all exempt professionals and people leaders have a Talent Grid in place.
Help managers and leaders (clients) think about their own careers, ensure they have Individual Development Plans (IDPs) in place.
Oversee ER and policy related issues; conduct and resolve investigations; utilize third party reporting consistently.
Ensure client inquiries are being resolved at the right level and the best process.
Ensure client is engaged with the ‘big picture’ at Revol Greens and fully understands how they and their teams fit into our business model.
Support Change Initiatives
Support/implement strategic initiatives/change priorities in partnership with the VP of People.
Seek opportunities for process improvements/optimization and the design of new processes, including automation in HRIS (ADP TotalSource).
Engage in stretch assignments as directed by the VP of People and requested by the Director, HR Field Operations.
Drive Core HR Programs
Support consistent delivery of core HR programs/services (Centers of Excellence): Talent Management (i.e., Objective Setting, Performance Evaluations, Promotions, Talent Planning, Training), Total Rewards (i.e., Comp & Benefits), Culture, etc.
Support Policy and Compliance program execution (OSHA, Compensation, Employee Lifecycle, Covid protocols, etc.)
Drive workforce planning for the assigned Business Unit; ensure overhead spend complies with budgetary constraints. Ensure contingent labor in minimally utilized.
Drive recruitment and retention for the Business Unit; ensure staffing levels are maintained at 90% or better on a consistent basis.
Lead with Data & Analytics
Lead with data and analytics when executing major responsibilities. Ensure all ELT metrics are kept up-to-date and accurate.
Understand the key metrics of the leaders you support, taking a proactive approach using this data to further optimize manager effectiveness and drive enhanced business results.
Proactively provide relevant talent information to General Managers and drive execution of talent initiatives.
Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources or related field preferred; direct experience can be substituted on a year-for-year basis
5+ years of HR experience in a complex and matrixed enterprise
2+ year of Human Resources Business Partner experience preferred
Demonstrated experience with leadership development
Strong analytical expertise, very comfortable telling a story with data
Experience with change management and business transformation a plus
SHRM-CP preferred
Supervisory:
May supervise a HR Coordinator (in a larger BU).
Benefits
Vacation or PTO (Based on location)
Holiday Pay
401k plan with 4% company match after 6 months of employment
Health and Dental Insurance benefits
PI190871719 