Cal Poly Pomona Foundation Employment Services

ANNOUNCEMENT OF POSITION VACANCY


SUMMARY: Under general supervision, the Student Assistant will work on projects and activities related to data analytics, marketing, social media, and similar projects in the Singelyn Center for Innovative Analytics, College of Business Administration, under the supervision of Dr. Rita Kumar and Dr. Mehrdad Koohikamali. This position is designed to provide opportunities to hone customer service skills, team development, and foster professional growth.


ABOUT US: As the largest employer of students on the Cal Poly Pomona campus, the Foundation offers valuable work experience and hands-on training to approximately 1,500 Cal Poly Pomona students each year. The Foundation offers positions in various fields; whether it is in the area of technology, science, retail, culinary arts, hospitality1500 management, leadership or research grants, these student employees participate in Cal Poly Pomona's learn-by-doing philosophy and acquire practical skills in their designated field of study.


The Foundation also contributes operating support to nearly 1,100 Foundation and scholarship programs every year, including Bronco Athletics and the Norman J. Priest Scholarship. In addition, the Foundation administers grants and contracts, contributes to campus security, and supports several university publications. The Foundation contributes over $1 million annually to Cal Poly Pomona.


SOME OF THE THINGS THAT YOU WILL GET TO DO (this is just a small sampling of work variety):
Singelyn Center for Innovative Analytics works on various data analytics projects in partnership with industry leaders and offers several hands-on workshops throughout the year. We value the role of making the bridge between industry and academic collaboration through data analytics and visualization.


Students will work with a team from Singelyn Center, and faculty advisors Dr. Rita Kumar and Dr. Mehrdad Koohikamali. The main responsibilities are:

Participates in Center Projects and Research
Leads Web Design and Social Media efforts on behalf of the Center
Plans and leads hands-on software workshops
Supports the overall daily management of calendars, correspondence, center organization.
Answers all incoming emails using professional etiquette. Responds timely to inquiries and messages via email.
Maintains database, newsletters, and announcement letters.
Plays a key role in managing RSVP replies and exhibits a pleasant and courteous manner in all communications with guests.
Attends activities or assists in hosting events and activities as assigned.
Self-driven to utilize on-campus resources such as handshake, mybar and ability to perform duties and responsibilities using various applications.


QUALIFICATIONS:

Junior, Senior, or Graduate Student in Business related discipline.
Minimum 3.5 GPA
Available 8-10 hours per week throughout the Fall semester
Coursework/background in analytics/social media/video editing/visualization/statistical modeling/data mining/programming preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English are required.
Familiarity with Social Media Marketing Tools, Video, and Image Editing tools such as Adobe Products, Data Analytics tools such as Tableau and Excel, and Programming in R or Python is a plus.
8-10 hours per week


Questions Regarding the position: email Dr. Rita Kumar (adkumar@cpp.edu) or Dr. Mehrdad Koohikamali (mkoohikamali@cpp.edu).


CSU along with Cal Poly Pomona Foundation require faculty, staff, and students who are accessing campus facilities to be immunized against COVID-19 or declare an exemption from doing so. The systemwide policy can be found at COVID-19 Vaccination Interim Policy and any questions may be sent to fdnhr@cpp.edu.


Cal Poly Pomona Foundation, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, Cal Poly Pomona Foundation, Inc. may provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities and encourages both prospective and current employees to discuss potential accommodation with the employer. 