There’s never been a more exciting time to join United Airlines. We’re on a path towards becoming the best airline in the history of aviation. Our shared purpose – Connecting People, Uniting the World – is about more than getting people from one place to another. It also means that as a global company that operates in hundreds of locations around the world with millions of customers and tens of thousands of employees, we have a unique responsibility to uplift and provide opportunities in the places where we work, live and fly, and we can only do that with a truly diverse and inclusive workforce. And we’re growing – in the years ahead, we’ll hire tens of thousands of people across every area of the airline. Our careers include a competitive benefits package aimed at keeping you happy, healthy and well-traveled. From employee-run "Business Resource Group" communities to world-class benefits like parental leave, 401k and privileges like space available travel, United is truly a one-of-a-kind place to work. Are you ready to travel the world?
We believe that inclusion propels innovation and is the foundation of all that we do. United's Digital Technology team spans the globe and is made up of diverse individuals all working together with cutting-edge technology to build the best airline in the history of aviation. Our team designs, develops and maintains massively scaling technology solutions brought to life with innovative architectures, data analytics, and digital solutions.
Key Responsibilities:
The Analytics and Innovation (Ai) team at United Airlines works to innovate, transform, and solve complex business problems resulting in significant and measurable enterprise impact through the application of deep multi-functional business expertise and advanced analytics. We work with business and technology partners across the enterprise (e.g. Airport Operations, Contact Centers, Network Planning, Revenue Management, Digital Products, Human Resources, etc.) to influence strategic decisions, enterprise strategy, business processesother measureable impacts, and to help connect the dots. We aim to be an organization with whom and within everyone loves to work!
Advanced Analytics experts within Ai work with business and technology partners to develop diverse solutions to complex problems that span the enterprise. Team members apply expertise using big data, analytics, data manipulation, statistics and modeling to drive innovation and improvement in United's business strategy and operations, that increase revenue, increase customer satisfaction, reduce costs, or have other measureable impact on the airline.
Engagement Managers often play a lead role on projects. They are experienced individual contributors who work hands-on with data, maximising their expertise to provide solutions, while mentoring and collaborating.
Uses data from a variety of sources to analyze business performance, identify areas of opportunity, and deliver useful insights to operations leaders and front-line personnel
Trains and leads other team members
Partners with business team members to identify key initiatives, and engage data analytics team members to execute delivery of sustainable solutions to business problems, using data analysis, advanced analytics and data engineering standard processes
Test data and/or applications to validate data accuracy/quality
Tracks small to medium-sized projects from ideation to completion, including helping to build project roadmaps, project plans and requirements documentation
Lead status meetings and handle frequent status communication to business partners, IT teams, and senior leadership as required
Required
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field (statistics, engineering, business analytics, information systems, aviation management or related degree)
4+ years of experience in analytical role (analysis, information science, data visualization or other relevant quantitative fields)
Experience working with large datasets and reporting or visualization tools, ability to tell a story using data
Familiarity with database interface tools, SQL and programming concepts
Good understanding or experience with some, if not most, of the following: SQL, R, Python or other database interface tools and languages
Experienced in using visualization tools (ex. Spotfire, Tableau, Microsoft BI)
Exhibit data intuition by applying analytical and critical thinking skills to open-ended business problems
Preferred
Advanced Degree in Data Sciences
Experience with statistical tools and concepts (R, SPSS, SAS)
Ability to build analytical products using open source tools (HTML/CSS, JavaScript)an
United Airlines is an equal opportunity employer. United Airlines recruits, employs, trains, compensates and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin,

Equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT 