Job Description

Remote- Position does not require employee to be on-site full-time to perform most effectively. The Employees role enables them to work off-site on a permanent basics. In the USA this is an employee who lives more than 100 miles from their designed, Primary worksite.

The Enterprise Data Enablement (EDE) team is a sub function within the Chief Data and Analytics Office (CDAO) responsible for establishing, operationalizing, and sustaining a program that identifies, defines, manages, and publishes data standards and policies for enterprise critical data assets material to the success of General Motors. Facilitating critical data element knowledge, quality, business ownership and insight on how it's used across the enterprise.

General Motors Chief Data and Analytics Office (CDAO) has a strategic initiative to build data as a corporate asset. An enterprise data enablement program is being designed and implemented as part of this strategy to architect and create business metadata to:

The Data Enablement Metadata Analyst will directly support the Enterprise Data Governance (EDG) team. This includes operations and enhancements to support metadata tools within GM. Leveraging program management and collaboration skills are critical as this role is highly collaborative and will work with various management, SME's, and executive stakeholders from cross functional areas in the enterprise to create and manage metadata supporting governed standards.

Design and implement Enterprise Data Governance and Compliance programs (ex: California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA), Brazil Privacy (LGPD), Thailand Privacy (PDPA) and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)):

Establish operational policies and procedures for regulatory compliance
Establish and Monitor governance policies to support regulatory compliance
Establish and manage a committee operating model to provide oversight and alignment of governance activities at all levels, tactical working groups and manage stakeholder communication across the organization and to 3rd parties
Establish and manage maintenance, and maturity of data policy standards and management practices including data sharing agreements, data retention, data privacy
Facilitate meetings, training, and communication between key cross enterprise stakeholders to drive business value
Support any data governance work to identify, certify and maintain critical data elements for the enterprise
Engage support from Legal, Privacy and Audit to establish, document and execute processes and procedures for data management compliance
Develop and maintain data governance and compliance metrics / dashboards for review and presentations
Lead or support cross functional project engagement efforts to identify and develop critical metadata supporting newly identified critical data elements (CDE's) utilized across the enterprise.
Gain an understanding of data and its' usage, where it originated from, reduce duplication and empower reuse to facilitate operational efficiencies within CDAO and functional areas across the enterprise
Leverage data assets to optimize profitability, improve experience and satisfy business needs
Support external data licensing and internal analytics teams to access data faster with higher confidence and context
Reduce enterprise risk by entrusting compliance with Legal, Privacy and other regulatory needs, creating auditable & reportable procedures, protecting brand reputation and avoid legal action and penalties
Support any data governance work to identify, certify and maintain critical data elements for the enterprise
Engage support from Legal, Privacy and Audit to establish, document and execute processes and procedures for data management compliance
Develop and maintain data governance and compliance metrics / dashboards for review and presentations
Lead or support cross functional project engagement efforts to identify and develop critical metadata supporting newly identified critical data elements (CDE's) utilized across the enterprise

Required Qualifications

Candidates should have a 5+ years of understanding of:
SQL, in-depth experience writing SQL and utilizing SQL to access data in Hadoop and SQL databases
Problem solving and analytical abilities
One or more Data Methodology experience: Data Standards, Data Quality, Data Modeling, Data Profiling, Metadata management, or Master Data Management
Business (Information) analysis and process design
Data (information) governance and regulatory compliance
Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills
A bachelor's or graduate degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business, or related field
Experience in information technology or comparable experience working as a business partner or information technology professional desired
Working knowledge of IBM Watson Knowledge Catalog / CloudPak for Data and Azure-Purview (strongly preferred) or other leading data governance solutions preferred (IE.: Informatica, Collibra, Alation,..)
Working knowledge of data science and machine learning tools like: Alteryx, Knime, Informatica, etc.. and data quality / profiling tools like: IBM Information Analyzer, Informatica, Atacama
API's usage to retrieve and update metadata
Basic understanding and experience in reporting/dashboarding tools, such as Power BI, Tableau, strongly desired.
Data Science education and/or experience strongly desired
Data Analytics education and/or experience strongly desired
Data Management Certifications a plus (DAMA, DGSP, MDM, others...)

Compensation: The median level of salary compensation for this role is $115,000.

Bonus Potential: An incentive pay program offers payouts based on company performance, job level, and individual performance.

Benefits: GM offers a variety of health and wellbeing benefit programs. Benefit options include medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Accounts, retirement savings plan, sickness and accident benefits, life insurance, paid vacation & holidays, tuition assistance programs, employee assistance program, GM vehicle discounts and more

#LI-Remote

#gmremote

About GM

Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.

Why Join Us

We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day - individually and collectively - to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.

Benefits Overview

The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.

Diversity Information

General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us atCareers.Accommodations@GM.com or call us at800-865-7580. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying. 