Organization Description


Our Consumer & Community Banking division serves our Chase customers through a range of financial services, including personal banking, credit cards, mortgages, auto financing, investment advice, small business loans and payment processing. We're proud to lead the U.S. in credit card sales and deposit growth and have the most-used digital solutions - all while ranking first in customer satisfaction.


The CCB Data & Analytics team responsibly leverages data across Chase to build competitive advantages for the businesses while providing value and protection for customers. The team encompasses a variety of disciplines from data governance and strategy to reporting, data science and machine learning. We have a strong partnership with Technology, which provides cutting edge data and analytics infrastructure. The team powers Chase with insights to create the best customer and business outcomes.


Employer Description


Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.


We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.


Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
Job Description


Sr. Product Associate - Real Time Analytics


Chase is transforming the way it interacts with customers by investing in data, analytics, and people. The goal is for Chase to become the undisputed leader in financial services by providing superior customer experience across all channels. The customers' experience should be consistent and highly-personalized, whether they choose to bank digitally - including Chase.com and the Chase Mobile App - or use an ATM, walk into a branch, call the automated system, or speak to a customer service representative.


The ideal candidate for this role is a self-starter who is comfortable working in an agile environment and excited about building new technology and consumer-facing experiences that connect end-to-end with physical ones. She or he must be comfortable working on lean teams and collaborating across many products and business areas, as well as with external partners. The role will require exploring new cutting-edge concepts and disruptive ideas, embracing design thinking, diving deep into the detail, and partnering closely across lines of business and with technology development teams to determine the feasibility and path for bringing ideas to market quickly.


Key responsibilities

Define, measure and report on product analytics, performance and success (OKRs)
Collaborate with Area Product Owners to compile and share the Product status weekly, monthly, and quarterly
Support discovery on new concepts, including determining and refining business value, customer value and tech feasibility
Participate in agile product development including roadmap creation, writing initiatives, epics and user stories in JIRA
Monitor development of product (escalating issues and removing blockers) and pre-production testing, as well as conduct demos
Execute roll-out / release of new features and functionality
Build and manage relationships across stakeholders
Partner with line of defense partners to maintain required controls and approvals
Champion new ideas, understanding the needs and feedback from our customers stakeholders, and research, as well as analyzing the relevant competitive landscape

Qualifications

Ability to identify and address program execution needs in a fast-paced environment. Previous exposure to agile practices and ability to adapt agile tools a plus, but not required
Can build consensus amongst a wide range of partners including business owners, technology, operations, legal & compliance, marketing & product owners
Can bridge the technical and business worlds, with experience in organizing, researching and analyzing customer needs and ability to partner directly with technology scrum teams to translate product requirements and user stories into technology sizing estimates and requirements
Resourceful and results-oriented self-starter, with an ability to thrive in an authentic, feedback-driven culture and "roll-up-your-sleeves" environment
Solid organizational and project management skills, including strong follow through skills and the ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects, deadlines and workstreams
Experience developing roadmaps and immersive experiences to drive customer engagement and acquisition. Must be user experience-obsessed
Experience driving an innovation process from conceptualization through to launch. Proven track record of taking an idea and turning it into impactful results
Relentless focus and attention to detail
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to present facts, thoughts and ideas in a clear, concise and convincing manner to senior stakeholders and partners

CCB Data & Analytics
Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.


We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
The health and safety of our colleagues, candidates, clients and communities has been a top priority in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. JPMorgan Chase was awarded the "WELL Health-Safety Rating" for all of our 6,200 locations globally based on our operational policies, maintenance protocols, stakeholder engagement and emergency plans to address a post-COVID-19 environment.
As a part of our commitment to health and safety, we have implemented various COVID-related health and safety requirements for our workforce. Employees are expected to follow the Firm's current COVID-19 or other infectious disease health and safety requirements, including local requirements. Requirements include sharing information including your vaccine card in the firm's vaccine record tool, and may include mask wearing. Requirements may change in the future with the evolving public health landscape. JPMorgan Chase will consider accommodation requests as required by applicable law.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans 