Who Are We?
Taking care of our customers, our communities and each other. That’s the Travelers Promise. By honoring this commitment, we have maintained our reputation as one of the best property casualty insurers in the industry for over 160 years. Join us to discover a culture that is rooted in innovation and thrives on collaboration. Imagine loving what you do and where you do it.
Compensation Overview
The annual base salary range provided for this position is a nationwide market range and represents a broad range of salaries for this role across the country. The actual salary for this position will be determined by a number of factors, including the scope, complexity and location of the role; the skills, education, training, credentials and experience of the candidate; and other conditions of employment. As part of our comprehensive compensation and benefits program, employees are also eligible for performance-based cash incentive awards.
Salary Range
$77,000.00 - $127,100.00
Target Openings
1
What Is the Opportunity?
Have you ever received a survey and thought about how it is created and what happens to the data? Do you have a high attention to detail and are a team player? If so, the Enterprise Customer Experience team at Travelers is looking for a Voice of Customer Data Engineering Analyst to join the team. This is an exciting new opportunity where you will create new surveys, build dashboards, and work to automate existing processes. This ideal candidate would be someone who has a high attention to detail, has an analytical mindset, and loves to learn new things.
What Will You Do?
Build new survey listening posts within the Qualtrics system and creates robust data visualization dashboards.
Perform assessment and resolution for defects and incidents of moderate complexity with supervision.
Build rudimentary data solutions, correct problems, apply transformations, and recommend data cleansing/quality solutions.
Interact and collaborate with team and business users to support delivery and educate end users on data products/analytic environment.
Maintain assignment statuses and communicate well with the team.
Export/standardize data for our data team to analyze
Manage multiple activities in a fast-paced environment.
What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?
Bachelor’s Degree in STEM related field or equivalent
Two years of related experience
Proficient use of tools, techniques, and manipulation, programming languages, and an understanding of data practices relative to Voice of Customer. Examples: Excel, SQL, Python, etc.
What is a Must Have?
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent training with data tools, techniques, and manipulation.
One year of data engineering or equivalent experience.
What Is in It for You?
Health Insurance: Employees and their eligible family members – including spouses, domestic partners, and children – are eligible for coverage from the first day of employment.
Retirement: Travelers matches your 401(k) contributions dollar-for-dollar up to your first 5% of eligible pay, subject to an annual maximum. If you have student loan debt, you can enroll in the Paying it Forward Savings Program. When you make a payment toward your student loan, Travelers will make an annual contribution into your 401(k) account. You are also eligible for a Pension Plan that is 100% funded by Travelers.
Paid Time Off: Start your career at Travelers with a minimum of 20 days Paid Time Off annually, plus nine paid company Holidays.
Wellness Program: The Travelers wellness program is comprised of tools and resources that empower you to achieve your wellness goals. In addition, our Life Balance program provides access to professional counseling services, life coaching and other resources to support your daily life needs. Through Life Balance, you’re eligible for five free counseling sessions with a licensed therapist.
Volunteer Encouragement: We have a deep commitment to the communities we serve and encourage our employees to get involved. Travelers has a Matching Gift and Volunteer Rewards program that enables you to give back to the charity of your choice.
Employment Practices
Travelers is an equal opportunity employer. We value the unique abilities and talents each individual brings to our organization and recognize that we benefit in numerous ways from our differences.

If you are a candidate and have specific questions regarding the physical requirements of this role, please send us an email so we may assist you.
Travelers reserves the right to fill this position at a level above or below the level included in this posting.
To learn more about our comprehensive benefit programs please visit http://careers.travelers.com/life-at-travelers/benefits/.

0 