Company Description
Are you a natural communicator and a great listener? Do you thrive on a team that's focused on finding the best solutions for customers? Can you remain kind and supportive when customers share their frustrations?
Join Us.

Job Description
As a Customer Service Representative, you'd deliver exceptional service and solutions to customers through inbound call regarding billing inquiries, questions, and issue resolution in an energetic work from home environment. You'd work with top technologies and systems while having a dedicated team of leaders and peers to support you. And, while experience with successfully meeting sales goals and targets would give you jumpstart, we provide robust training to ensure that all of our representatives are set up for success.
At Sutherland, you can grow your own way, do interesting things, and be yourself. Our teams thrive in an environment of diversity of thought, experiences, and background – we celebrate and embrace our diversity, whole-heartedly.
What we offer:
Competitive rate with monthly incentives, PTO, 401k, and paid training
Medical, dental, and vision benefits, EAP, health and wellness programs, and more
Advancement opportunities – 80% of our frontline leaders have been promoted

Qualifications
We require the following:
Must have completed high school or equivalent
Must have at least one-year experience in customer service
Must meet the following requirements to work from home:
Internet speeds of at least 2 Mbps upload and 10 Mbps download (note: wireless and/or satellite Internet Service Providers are not compatible with our systems)
In-house network, and a hard-wired Internet connection capable of continuously supporting outstanding call quality and high-speed response rates
A computer with at least a 1.6 Ghz Dual Core processor, 4 GB RAM, 10 GB available hard drive space, one or more available USB ports (2.0 or greater), sound/audio, Windows 10, two 20-inch monitors, a wired Keyboard, and a wired mouse
A headset to use for training and meetings that is/has a USB, dual ear, and a noise-cancelling microphone
A smartphone (iOS or Android – 4 years old or newer) to download our app for company communications
A quiet and secure place to work

Additional Information
About us:
As a digital transformation company, Sutherland rethinks and rebuilds processes for the digital age by combining the speed and insight of design thinking with the scale and accuracy of data analytics. We have been helping customers globally, across industries from financial services to healthcare, achieve greater agility through transformed and automated customer experiences for over 35 years.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
EEOC and Veteran Documentation
During employment, employees are treated without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or handicap, or any other legally protected status.
At times, government agencies require periodic reports from employers on the sex, ethnicity, handicap, veteran and other protected status of employees. The purpose of this Administrative EEO Record is for statistical analysis only and is used to comply with government record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Periodic reports are made to the government on the following information. The completion of the Administrative EEO record is optional. If you choose to volunteer the requested information, please note that all
Administrative EEO Records are kept in a Confidential File and are not part of your Application for Employment or Personnel file.
Please note: YOUR COOPERATION IS VOLUNTARY. INCLUSION OR EXCLUSION OF ANY DATA WILL NOT AFFECT ANY EMPLOYMENT DECISION. 