If you’re passionate about building a better future for individuals, communities, and our country—and you’re committed to working hard to play your part in building that future—consider WGU as the next step in your career.
Driven by a mission to expand access to higher education through online, competency-based degree programs, WGU is also committed to being a great place to work for a diverse workforce of student-focused professionals. The university has pioneered a new way to learn in the 21st century, one that has received praise from academic, industry, government, and media leaders. Whatever your role, working for WGU gives you a part to play in helping students graduate, creating a better tomorrow for themselves and their families.
Position Summary
The Evaluator is a member of WGU’s faculty. The Evaluator is a subject-matter expert and professional individual contributor with level knowledge within associated specialization/discipline. Evaluators apply their own subject matter expertise and experience utilizing a rubric created by program and assessment development faculty and applied consistent with WGU, Evaluation Department and team policies and procedures. The Evaluator crafts personalized, robust feedback to support accurate scoring of student responses and in furtherance of student progress. Work plans and schedules for Evaluators are broadly defined and require the Evaluator to develop specific work plans and schedules to provide accurate and fair evaluations, with helpful (robust & personalized) feedback. Evaluators cooperate within and between teams to meet the department’s commitment to students for a quick evaluation as defined by university leadership. An Evaluator maybe asked to contribute to the development of functional and organizational content, practices and objectives to achieve goals in creative and effective ways. Such contributions may involve working with other functions within the Evaluation Department and/or with other departments. High performing, experienced Evaluators coach/mentor team members and assist colleagues.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities
The Evaluator’s work is situational and highly complex, requiring analysis and evaluation of student responses to assessment task prompts to achieve a secure, valid and reliable determination of competencies for degree programs.
The Evaluator applies university, department and team policies and procedures in scoring work and crafting helpful, robust and personalized feedback to support students in developing competency and progressing with their degree program.
On occasion, an experienced Evaluator maybe called upon to create and implement methods to improve student success and evaluation processes.
The Evaluators work is critical to each student’s experience and success at WGU.
The Evaluator works individually and collectively, as part of a content-specific team, to meet individual, team and department objectives to be accurate, fair, helpful and quick in an environment that is a great place to work.
The Evaluator works effectively and reports worktime accurately, in order to be good stewards of the student’s tuition dollars.
The Evaluator maybe called on to resolve student concerns or address student inquires.
With general direction from a manager and course lead, Evaluators are self-managed, taking initiative and acting independently in completing performance assessment evaluations consistent with standard practices and policies and our commitment to students (i.e., accurate, fair, helpful & quick).
When faced with an unexpected student response, Evaluators are encouraged and expected to collaborate with other evaluators, course leads and supervisors/ managers as needed to make a fair determination of competency.
To be successful, Evaluators must be well connected and coordinated within their team, project teams and any applicable cross-functional groups.
An experienced Evaluator maybe asked to propose or collaborate on new methods and procedures on new or special assignments.
Knowledge and Abilities
Subject matter expertise and appropriate advanced degree(s)/credential(s) relevant to evaluation content area
Work experience relevant to evaluation content area, strongly preferred
Strong understanding, acceptance and adherence to the tenets of competency-based education and the split faculty model
Advanced strength in written and oral communication
Demonstrated ability to discern evidence of competency within student submissions, including unexpected forms of response
Demonstrated ability to use technology, adapt quickly to new processes and manage complex cognitive loads
Demonstrated ability to collaborate with colleagues to ensure validity and reliability of evaluation across multiple raters, including deferring to the guidance of the team, course lead or supervisor/manager.
Demonstrated ability to properly identify and refer student submissions for escalated care including but not limited to professional communication (i.e., articulation), originality, excellence awards, support in opening student submissions, content assistance, technology support.
Problem solving skills: Investigates appropriate resources and involves partners when appropriate. Future oriented. Assesses what will help or hinder achieving goals. Focuses on what is important.
Interpersonal skills: Deals with others in a considerate, respectful, and unbiased manner. Approaches conflict proactively. Solicits and shares feedback openly. Listens with empathy and maintains composure.
Accuracy: Draws on facts collected from a broad knowledge of WGU’s goals and processes.
Adaptability: Corrects behaviors and communication style to meet the needs of a wide range of situations. Tackles obstacles appropriately. Comfortable with ambiguity.
Reliability: Accountable to others; does what it takes to get the job done. Actions are consistent with words. Follows through on commitments. Exhibits exceptional integrity.
Attitude: Displays commitment to the organization and to personal growth. Is self-motivated and able to motivate and inspire others. Asserts self appropriately to champion ideas. Tells the truth in a direct and constructive manner.
Initiative: Self-directs with a strong tendency for action. Leads the way to improve performance or processes. Displays keen interest in students and organization.
Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications
Minimum earned Master’s Degree in a computing field (Computer Science, Information Technology, Software Development, Data Analytics, Information Systems, Computer Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or similar).
Minimum of 3 years of industry work experience. Teaching or research in a computing field may be accepted.
Preferred Qualifications
Doctorate or ABD preferred.
Professional certifications
Preferred experience in the following areas:
Applied Mathematics
Applied Statistics
Data Analytics
Python
R
Data Mining
Quantitative Methods
Reporting
Working Conditions
This position is located in a home office environment.

Disclaimer: This Job Description has been designed to indicate the general nature, essential duties, and responsibilities of work performed by employees within this classification. It does not contain a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications that are required of the employee to do this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. This Job Description does not constitute a contract of employment and the University may exercise its employment-at-will rights at any time.
#LI-REMOTE
#LI-RN1
#AA
#DE&I
As an equal opportunity employer, WGU recognizes that our strength lies in our people. We are committed to diversity. 