Summary
The Data Analytics Specialist, under the general direction of the Director of Information Technology, and in accordance with good business practices and established procedures, will gather, manage, analyze, and report data from internal Organ Procurement Organization (OPO) systems and external industry systems. Analyze data to establish baseline performance metrics. Produce internal and external reports and assist with publication initiatives. Make recommendations for process improvement initiatives. Provide continuous monitoring of local donation activity data and regular reports to leadership. Promote efficiency throughout the organization utilizing creative and innovative thinking to develop, analyze and verify statistical measures.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Responsible for the integrity and quality of data within the Information Technology (IT) infrastructure to support operations, management and decision-making. Actively participate in cross departmental initiatives ensuring data is efficiently organized, managed and distributed. Enable strategic use of enterprise-wide information for cross-functional organizations and teams.
Provide data related services throughout the organization. Consult with leadership and workforce on process measures, evaluation techniques, as well as, current and potential IT related solutions.
Verify organ and tissue donor statistics in the electronic medical record system while using analytical tools.
Assist with process improvement where data or IT infrastructure is integral to the improvement. Monitors and participate in the compilation of OPO quality measures.
Ensure data collection processes are consistent, repeatable, and appropriate throughout the organization.
Assist with internal and external reporting requests and requirements.
Validates and analyzes various data, metrics, and information via business intelligence (BI), statistical and quality tools.
Analyze all organ and tissue recovery data and produces reports regarding activity, outcome, and recommended improvement areas.
Assist with the tracking of organizational metrics to support the success of the organization’s strategic efforts.
Facilitates team-based problem solving and multidisciplinary team use of various data-driven process improvement techniques such as Process Mapping and Root Cause Analysis. Applies business logic and ask questions that are not necessarily apparent.
Supports organizational survey processes with analysis, tracking and developing of survey data for both internal and external partners.
Develop and maintain specialized datasets and systems for recording and tracking appropriate data and statistical information.
Creates and distributes standardized and special reports, summaries, and analyses.
Organizes appropriate resources, organizational priorities and manages systems as related to data activities.
Maintains monthly scorecards and dashboards for the organization to ensure compliance with performance measures.
Integrates features and tools of Office 365 into the IT infrastructure.
Maintains a continuous and independent education on cutting-edge statistical techniques and tools.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications, Education & Experience
Bachelor’s Degree (preferred);
Minimum 2 of years’ experience in business analysis, and/or a quality improvement role;
Five years of experience with an organ and/or tissue procurement agency (preferred); or
An equivalent combination of education and experience.
Strong attention to detail and accuracy (required).
Ability to approach work conscientiously and methodically.
Ability to exercise initiative and sound judgment.
Understanding of basic statistics (required).
Demonstrated organizational skills required and ability to see tasks through to completion (required).
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work both independently and as part of a team (required).
Working knowledge of medical terminology and medical records/procedures (preferred).
Demonstrated knowledge of and ability using a Personal Computer (PC), related Microsoft Office software and other report writing and BI software. 