Job Description Summary
Activities aimed at proving a concept to be valid or technically feasible by the application of scientific and engineering methodologies. Work in this family typically has the objective of demonstrating through test or analyses the performance and implementation potential of a concept

Impacts quality of own work and the work of others on the team. Executes standard operational/technical tasks typically subject to instructions and work routines. There is latitude to rearrange the sequence to complete task/duties based on changing work situations.
Job Description
Roles and Responsibilities
Activities relating to the science of collecting, organizing, and analyzing very large sets of data in order to identify patterns and draw conclusions.
Broadening knowledge of own technical discipline to execute policy/strategy. May include support roles with specialized technical field of knowledge; still acquiring higher level knowledge and skills.
Basic understanding of key business drivers; uses this understanding to accomplish own work. Good understanding of how work of own team integrates with other teams and contributes to the area.
May have some autonomy to make decisions within a defined framework. Resolves issues in situations that require good technical knowledge and judgment within established procedures. Consults more senior team members for issues outside of defined instructions/parameters.
A job at this level requires good interpersonal skills and may be required to lead a junior team. For customer facing roles, develops strong customer relationships and serves as the interface between customer and GE. Explains technical information to others.
Required Qualifications
For roles outside of the USA- This role requires basic experience in the Engineering/Technology & Analytics. Knowledge level is comparable to a Bachelor's degree from an accredited university or college ( or a high school diploma with relevant experience).
For roles in USA - Bachelor's degree from an accredited university or college (or a high school diploma / GED with at least 6 years of experience in Job Family Group(s)/Function(s)).
Desired Characteristics
Humble: respectful, receptive, agile, eager to learn
Transparent: shares critical information, speaks with candor, contributes constructively
Focused: quick learner, strategically prioritizes work, committed
Leadership ability: strong communicator, decision-maker, collaborative
Problem solver: analytical-minded, challenges existing processes, critical thinker
This role is restricted to U.S. persons (i.e., U.S. citizens, permanent residents, and other protected individuals under the Immigration and Naturalization Act, 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)) due to access to export-controlled technology. GE will require proof of status prior to employment.
Additional Information
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).
As a federal government contractor, GE may in the future be required to have U.S. employees fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Some GE customers currently have vaccination mandates that may apply to GE employees.
Relocation Assistance Provided: No 