Payroll ConsultantRemoteJob Description:To execute and own all aspects of the system set-up; while serving as the Project Lead, for Implementation Services projects for new and/or existing clients. This role leads the review and interpretation of a client's plan document and existing setup to ensure the requested changes fit within our system requirements, while being able to influence and negotiate with key client decision makers at our plan sponsors and consultants.· Manages all inputs of project work. Collects, analyzes, and determines appropriateness of client data. Analyzes test data and performs test scenarios to ensure all required data is present and accurate. Review and interprets data for corresponding project needs. Optimizes project approach as it pertains to data· Interacts extensively with external partners such as prior recordkeeper, payroll vendor, and client to identify data requirements, resolve data issues, manage project timeframes, and provide guidance and insight on the submission of data.· Runs root cause analyses of data errors proactively. Identifies opportunities to eliminate future occurrences and recommends short and long-term solutions for issues. Provides advanced troubleshooting and problem resolution.· Engages and leads data workflow discussions with internal business partners such as Client Administration, Client Services, Participant Education, Risk & Treasury, IT and Data Transmission Services (DTS). Acts as point of contact and subject matter expert on data-related functions of project to all internal partners. Proactively offers solutions to improve the project and the client’s experience as it pertains to data, data feeds, and related processes.· Approaches role with a continuous improvement mindset, offering opportunities to improve the experience of internal business partners, the client, and vendors. Develops solutions to achieve and maintain data integrity, enhance process consistency, and meet client needs. Provides input where applicable on system setup to ensure that incoming and outgoing data is accurate and streamlined.· Proactively assists others with issue resolution, training, coaching, and personal development.· Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned.Qualifications:· 3 years of related work experience.· Undergraduate degree or equivalent combination of training and experience.· Knowledge of Rumba, PRS and other IIG systems or ability to learn.· Analytical abilities required.The $20T+ global retirement industry is at an important inflection point: Firms are looking to modernize their business models, move to next generation technology and innovate for the future. Infosys is uniquely positioned to help the industry address those challenges. Infosys continues to hire individuals with strong backgrounds in digital technology and retirement services industry. Infosys is looking for retirement professionals that have experience in the Implementation/Conversion area to join our team. If the attached job interests you, please applyNote: Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship by the employer for a visa (H1B or otherwise).COVID-19 Considerations:Vaccination required.Masks are required to enter the office. Extra screening, sanitation and disinfecting procedures are in place.The job entails sitting as well as working at a computer for extended periods of time. Should be able to communicate by telephone, email or face to face. Travel may be required as per the job requirements.About UsInfosys BPM, the business process management subsidiary of Infosys (NYSE: INFY), provides end-to-end transformative services for its clients across the globe. The company’s integrated IT and BPM solutions approach enables it to unlock business value across industries and service lines, and address business challenges for its clients. Utilizing innovative business excellence frameworks, ongoing productivity improvements, process reengineering, automation, and cutting-edge technology platforms, Infosys BPM enables its clients to achieve their cost reduction objectives, improve process efficiencies, enhance effectiveness, and deliver superior customer experience.Infosys BPM has 32 delivery centers in 16 countries spread across 6 continents, with more than 38000 employees from over 80 nationalities, as of Nov 2019.The company has been consistently ranked among the leading BPM companies globally and has received over 60 awards and recognitions in the last 5 years, from key industry bodies and associations like the Outsourcing Center, SSON, and GSA, among others. Infosys BPM also has very robust people practices, as substantiated by the various HR-specific awards it has won over the years. The company has consistently been ranked among the top employers of choice, on the basis of its industry leading HR best practices. The company’s senior leaders contribute widely to industry forums as BPM strategists.EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National OriginJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $27.00 - $30.00 per hourBenefits:401(k)Dental insuranceHealth insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridayApplication Question(s):Do you have knowledge of Rumba, PRS, and other IIG systems?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Data analytics: 3 years (Required)Project management: 3 years (Required)Data Management: 3 years (Required)Financial Services: 3 years (Required)Work Location: Remote 