Come work for this global leader in residential real estate franchising and brokerage, supporting a growing community of agents through technology innovation, powerful marketing, mentorship and general sales enablement.

Position: Web Analytics Specialist
Location: Remote, USA
Term: 4 Months, contract-to-hire
This individual is responsible for leading web and app analytics implementations across the enterprise. The role will work together with Analysts, Engineering, QA and Product Teams to ensure web analytics optimization strategy is effectively employed. They will act as the analytics expert behind the client's web analytics platform, playing a key role in performance measurement aimed at driving data driven decisions. This role reports into the head of web analytics.

This person is expected to be a champion for the analytics and tracking discipline within the organization - they will be responsible for:
1. promoting a tagging and tracking mentality throughout the organization
2. working cross-functionally to incorporate best practices into process and practice across products

The ideal candidate will have experience with Web Analytics packages, Site Tagging and Tag Management, QA, requirements gathering, database management, and data analytics, as well as a strong business sense and a willingness to rapidly ramp up. The role is built for a self-starter & creative, quantitative thinker, someone comfortable pushing for discipline and structured thinking amidst disparate data sets, processes, and siloed product initiatives.

Must Haves:
Bachelors degree in Data Analytics, Technology, Business, Marketing or similar
At least 4 years of experience in web analytics using Google Analytics suite
Advanced/Master-level proficiency with Google Tag Manager
Proficiency with web technologies, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript with knowledge of browser cookies, dependencies, and cross domain tracking
Familiarity with databases, data maintenance, and query languages - R, Python, SQL - preferred
Equal Employment Opportunity

MATRIX is committed to providing a work environment that values diversity, equity, inclusion and respect. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender (including gender identity and expression), age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military and veteran status and/or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

MATRIX is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation under the American Disability Act (ADA) by emailing MATRIX_HR@MatrixRes.com. To ensure a quick response to your request, please use the words “Accommodation request” as the subject line of your email.

For hourly W2 contract roles MATRIX offers a highly competitive benefit package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Disability, HSA, and 401(k) with pre and post-tax options. Please see MatrixRes.com/Benefits for more information. For direct hire placement with our clients, benefits will be offered in accordance with that particular client’s offerings. This may include PTO, Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K and other pre and post-tax options. 