The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good.
You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities.
Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. Job Header: Job Code: 70014491
Band: X2

FLSA: Exempt Job Summary:
Data, Discovery, and Decision Science (D3) is the research and analytics organization at Allstate. In D3, you’ll be surrounded by 360+ tenacious and intellectually curious colleagues in an inclusive culture that encourages you to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. We are solving some of today’s most complicated analytics problems, making the lives of our Allstate colleagues easier and more productive, and driving our mission to deliver targeted insurance solutions to our customers. We are partnering to incorporate analytics into every aspect of the enterprise. We are avid about learning new ways to get the most value from our massive data resources and leading-edge technology. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse team where everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed. We strive to hire people from different backgrounds so that we can better serve our diverse customer needs.
This role is responsible for the use and development of data infrastructure projects and proof of concept business solutions for users in analytics and Data Science. This person works directly with data scientists and analytic engineers on needs and tactical solutions. This role will execute new data engineering work tracks for Data Science and analytics from inception and prototyping to fully developed solutions. Key Responsibilities: • Work with Data Scientists and business partners on cross functional teams; developing subject matter expertise in the business as well as advanced analytics.

Provide support on requirement development for analytic data sources, breaking down business problems into solvable components and assist with documenting requirements with minimal supervision.
Execute rapid development of new data and analytic work tracks with fast iteration over quick sprints
Help develop and deliver the data infrastructure required to support needs of predictive modeling and analytics with minimal supervision.
Builds test scripts, executes testing, works with data scientists and business to ensure end user acceptance
Leverage agile data analysis with technology fluency in parallel processing/programming, software/programming languages and technologies (i.e. Oracle, MongoDB, SQL, Python, Spark, Kafka, Scala and Hadoop), paired with a high degree of analytic agility to be able to meet fluid and dynamic business needs in this space.
Participate in the development of enterprise data assets, information platforms or data spaces designed for exploring and understanding the data.
Participate in the development of new concepts, proof of concept designs, and prototypes for business or research data solutions so that business users or predictive modelers may visually understand and explore a new feature or functionality before implementation to expose design assumptions and drive ideation.
Mentor other team members in a business technical environment and promote an environment that supports innovation and process improvement. Supervisory Responsibilities: This job does not have supervisory duties. Education and Experience: • Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
2 or more years of related experience Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: • None Functional Skills: • Database development knowledge and experience (i.e. SQL)
Programming skills (i.e. Python, R, Java)
Computer Proficiency in Oracle, UNIX/Linux
Intermediate Analytic, Data Sourcing, and Data Management skills
Ability to extract data from various data sources.
Solid experience in time and task management
Ability to learn new technologies
Strong attention to detail
Intermediate written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to effectively collaborate with multi-disciplinary groups and all organizational levels Notes: The preceding description is not designed to be a complete list of all duties and responsibilities. May be required to perform other related duties as assigned. Regular, predictable attendance is an essential function of this job.

Compensation offered for this role is and is based on experience and qualifications.
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.
Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.
As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits, visit allstate.jobs/benefits/
Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter , Facebook , Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video .
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click “ here ” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “ here ” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “ here ”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs

To view the FMLA poster, click “ here ”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.

It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment. 