Are you a Data Engineer with a background in Applied Epic data migration? Do you have knowledge of the P&C Insurance industry? Do you like working with clients to create custom analytics products?
The Data & Analytics Engineer is integral to the Data & Analytics team, being responsible for integrating, consolidating, and cleansing data from disparate sources, and building and maintaining data infrastructure. This role serves as the bedrock of the Data & Analytics team, enabling the other team members to manipulate, visualize, and analyze the data to deliver impactful insights to ReSource Pro’s clients.
Responsibilities:
Work closely with the other Data & Analytics team members to understand their data needs for dashboarding, visualizations, and analysis
Collaborate with clients to determine data needs
Working with data from various sources, integrate, consolidate, and cleanse data for use by Data & Analytics team
Deploy sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning algorithms, and statistical techniques to build data pipelines
Develop the necessary infrastructure for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from disparate sources and technologies
Create and maintain data pipeline architecture which is scalable as ReSource Pro’s Data & Analytics capabilities grow
Monitor data pipeline and infrastructure for effectiveness and accuracy
Pursue up-to-date knowledge and expertise on best practices in data engineering and architecture, and ensure implementation
Identify and develop innovative ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality
Qualifications:
Fluency in programming languages such as SQL, Python, R, OpenRefine, Talend Suite of Products, and other data cleaning tools
Understanding of data visualization required, Power BI experience preferred
Adept at designing warehousing solutions, required
In-depth understanding and working knowledge of ETL (Extract, Transfer, Load) tools required
Understanding basic machine learning and algorithms required
Understanding of data visualization required, Power BI experience preferred
Insurance industry experience preferred
Exceptionally detailed
Collaborative and team-oriented
Employment Details:
1099 Contract (W-2 Contract)
This is a Limited-Term, 12 week, Contract position with possible extensions, dependent of client needs.
About ReSource Pro:
ReSource Pro brings to the insurance industry tools, technology and strategic services that enable profitable growth through operations excellence. Headquartered in New York, ReSource Pro’s global service centers address client operational needs around the clock. Recognized as an industry thought leader and listed as one of Inc. 500/5000 Fastest Growing Private Companies annually since 2009, the company is renowned for its focus on innovation, service excellence and trusted partnerships, and its unique productivity platform for insurance operations and sales. Over 6,000 ReSource Pro employees provide dedicated support to hundreds of insurance organizations, consistently achieving a 97% client retention rate for over a decade.
Mb55sNgB8Q 