Work Styles at Zoom
In most cases, you will have the opportunity to choose your preferred working location from the following options when you join Zoom: in-person, hybrid or remote. Visit this page for more information about Zoom's Workstyles.
About Us
Zoomies help people stay connected so they can get more done together. We set out to build the best video product for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Contact Center, Zoom Phone, Zoom Events, Zoom Apps, Zoom Rooms, and Zoom Webinar.
We’re problem-solvers, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Here, you’ll work across teams to deliver impactful projects that are changing the way people communicate and enjoy opportunities to advance your career in a diverse, inclusive environment.
The Online Data Analytics team lies at the foundation of Zoom’s success. We are looking for a rock-star to build our analytics team and solve a wide range of challenges to support the Online Business while developing the team.
We are looking for highly motivated individuals who would be excited to partner with our stakeholders to develop data products & solutions that will impact hundreds of millions of our users across the world. Expert communication, problem-solving, and a hunger to drive impact will be the keys to success in this role.
You'll be working cross-functionally with teams of Online Marketing Managers, Product Engineers, Product Managers, and Data Engineers on some of the most critical projects in the company.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Support critical Marketing campaign, pricing, revenue, and compliance initiatives by identifying and measuring impacts to customer audiences every week
Become the go-to subject matter expert of Revenue & Subscriptions data for the Online business
Build automated dashboards to measure the outcome of new growth initiatives to ensure the right insights are delivered to our Online partners
Work with stakeholders to scope and define the needs of business, and manage projects to ensure accuracy and timely delivery
Lead and conduct deep-dive research and analyses to identify new business opportunities
Develop team members to build their analytical and communication skills
REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor’s Degree with minimum 5+ years of experience using data to facilitate decisions
SQL Expert
Proven communicator with the ability to scope business problems, develop action plans and execute to drive value
Scrappy growth mentality with a strong desire to learn in a fast-paced business environment
We believe that the unique contributions of all Zoomies is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. Zoom is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives including qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records and any qualified applicants requiring reasonable accommodations in accordance with the law. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a medical condition, or if you need assistance accessing our website or completing the application process, please let us know by emailing us at careers@zoom.us.
Zoom requires all U.S. employees who will work in person at a Zoom office, attend in-person Zoom meetings or have in-person customer meetings to be fully vaccinated. Zoom will consider requests for reasonable accommodations for religious or medical reasons as required under applicable law.
At Zoom, we care about our employees, their families, and their well-being. As part of our award-winning workplace culture and commitment to delivering happiness, our benefits program offers a variety of perks, benefits, and options to help employees maintain their physical, mental, emotional, and financial health; support work-life balance; and contribute to their community in meaningful ways.
Explore Zoom:
Hear from our leadership team
Browse Awards and Employee Reviews on Comparably
Visit our Blog
Zoom with us!
Find us on social at the links below and on Instagram
View more jobs, sign up for job alerts and join our talent community. Visit the Zoom careers site.
#LI-Remote 