
Ability to work 16 hours per week
Participant in the CareerWise New York Program

Job summary
Our mission is to be Earth’s most customer-centric company. This is what unites Amazonians across teams and geographies as we are all striving to delight our customers and make their lives easier, one innovative product, service, and idea at a time.

This goal continues today, but Amazon’s customers are worldwide now, and have grown to include millions of Consumers, Sellers, Content Creators, and Developers & Enterprises. Each of these groups has different needs, and we always work to meet those needs, innovating new solutions to make things easier, faster, better, and more cost-effective. Come build the future with us.

Come join us to work hard, have fun, and make history!

Key job responsibilities
Data Analytics Associates will work alongside data analysts to gather data regarding business needs and provide insights based on findings. These responsibilities may include acquiring, consolidating and interpreting data, creating reports, and organizing data for business use.

Data Analytics Associates use statistical programming languages to assist in the development and analysis of datasets to develop, implement, and maintain behavioral models. Data Analysts communicate with clear narratives, compelling data visualization, and technical precision, both in person and in writing, to enable recipients to understand the analyses. Data Analysts support more experienced analysts and managers in data analysis, model development efforts and ad-hoc analysis, as needed. This role is highly technical in nature and requires demonstrated attention to detail, execution, and follow-up.


Programming: Use programming language (such as SQL) to access and query data.
Data Analysis: Acquire, consolidate, and interpret data from various data sources.
Creating reports: Create information products with various development tools to communicate findings.
Data preparation: Clean and prepare data for statistical and machine learning modeling.
Data Modeling: Work with a variety of analytical algorithms to build models that explain data relationships and predict potential scenarios.

About the team
Amazon Jump Start employs emerging talent from high schools in historically excluded communities. Apprentices learn on-the-job and make valued contributions on behalf of customers. The program is a complement to in-classroom school learning, designed to accelerate a student’s future career prospects. Apprentices report directly to full-time Amazonians for a maximum 3-year period, increasing their standard work hours as competency level increases. Upon completion of the 3 years, apprentices can take the skills they have acquired into the broader marketplace, leverage their experience to pursue higher education, or apply for a suitable role within Amazon should an opportunity become available.


Organized: You are responsible, possess discipline, and determination. You are focused and a planner who likes to achieve and improve.
Problem Solver: You get energized by solving the problem. You might really love story problems in school.
Good Communicator: You are comfortable talking with all different kinds of people, interests, and walks of life.
Tech Savvy: You feel completely comfortable navigating technology/your computer.
Great Time Manager: You usually thrive during semester-long projects by managing your time well.
Analytical: You tend to see patterns and make connections where others don't.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. 