Join our team of technology professionals who are deeply engaged in determining how we can change and improve health care. We encourage you to apply today. Find out how Optum’s Technology Development Program can lead to your life's best work.(sm)
What is it Like to Work in Technology at Optum?
Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet - technology and health care - with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get: Leading-edge solutions that improve the lives of millions. At Optum, our approach to technology isn’t about designing another app to fix health care. It’s about connecting patients and members to their care teams, payers to providers, and ultimately connecting a disconnected health system so that it works better for the people it was created to serve.


Our global technology team consists of more than 30,000 innovators from around the world passionate about using technology to improve the lives of people and communities. We are modernizing the health care system through modern analytics, comprehensive clinical expertise, innovative technologies and extensive experience in improving operational and clinical performance.
As part of our team, you will be provided opportunities to channel your curiosity into initiative, working alongside distinguished engineers and developers pursuing innovations that improve the health care experience for everyone. We encourage you to dive in, explore and ask questions about creative ways to use technology to help make the health care system work like an actual system.
Optum’s Technology Development Program
The Technology Development Program (TDP) at Optum includes 12 consecutive months of training with the option of rotating into a new role after the first six months in the program. As a TDP associate, you’ll gain invaluable experience and learn from leading innovators as a member of one or more of our many technology teams engaged in life-changing work. TDP offers associate positions in a variety of domains, as well as a development curriculum, mentoring from technology leaders, networking and collaboration opportunities and the ability to work remotely.
Optum
Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, is a leading information and technology-enabled health services company serving more than 127 million consumers, delivering the right care when and how it’s needed. We are dedicated to evolving health care so everyone can have the opportunity to live their healthiest life.
Key Information Regarding Software Engineering:
Software engineering is the application of engineering to the design, development, implementation, testing and maintenance of software in a systematic method. The roles in this function will cover all primary development activity across all technology functions that ensure we deliver code with high quality for our applications, products and services and to understand customer needs and to develop product roadmaps.
Associate will write software focused on building systems that front-end engineers integrate with and data engineers use, produces REST APIs, messaging systems, and other ways of communicating business processes via software services. Additionally, this could be someone who enjoys building things people interact with directly, writing websites, mobile apps, and/or desktop apps to enable people to interact with our systems in a user-friendly and accessible way.
The TDP Associate will work with their manager to determine the best work arrangement for their situation (in office, hybrid) though they will need to be within a commutable distance to a core site to bring back the in-person community aspects of TDP. The following are locations where this role will be available:
Austin, TX
Basking Ridge, NJ
Boston, MA
Cypress, CA
Eden Prairie, MN
Hartford, CT
Irvine, CA
Phoenix, AZ
Raleigh, NC
Schaumburg, IL
TDP will be offering two start dates for 2023 which you are able to choose from, depending on your graduation and what works best with your schedule/plans:
January 2023
July 2023
Sponsorship is not available for this position
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for potential future roles.
Required Qualifications:
Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics, or other Engineering degree, IT, MIS, other technology related fields i.e., Statistics, Actuary, Cyber-security, etc., or 2-year technical college.
Currently in final year of obtaining a bachelor's or master's degree from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics, or other Engineering degree, IT, MIS, other technology related fields i.e., Statistics, Actuary, Cyber-security, etc., or 2-year technical college, or obtained degree within the last 24 months
Must be eligible to work in the U.S. without company sponsorship, now or in the future, for employment-based work authorization. F-1 visa holders with Curricular Practical Training (CPT) or Optional Practical Training (OPT) who will require visa sponsorship, TN visa holders, current H-1B visa holders, and/or those requiring green card sponsorship will not be considered
Full COVID-19 vaccination is an essential job function of this role. Candidates located in states that mandate COVID-19 booster doses must also comply with those state requirements. UnitedHealth Group will adhere to all federal, state and local regulations as well as all client requirements and will obtain necessary proof of vaccination, and boosters when applicable, prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation
Preferred Qualifications:
Proficient in one or more coding languages (Example: Python, Java, C, SQL, .NET)
Involvement in any additional technical activities (Robotics, Comp. Science/Tech clubs, Tech or Engineering side projects, GitHub, etc.) and/or tech related employment experience
To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies now require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles require full COVID-19 vaccination as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment.
Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. 