Summary
Posted: May 27, 2021
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:200251354
At Apple, we work every day to create products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Our technology and services power advertising in Apple News and Search Ads in the App Store. Our platforms are highly performant, deployed at scale, and set new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy! The Ad Platforms Data Insights team is seeking a data scientist to join the Product and Customer Analytics Team in Austin, TX. Our team is developing the next generation of analytical solutions working with Sales, Marketing, Finance, Product, and Engineering. In this role you will work as a key member of a data-centric team to drive the exploration, analysis, development, execution, and measurement of solutions that are essential to running the business. You will be responsible for turning the huge amounts of data generated by user searches, app content, and App Store context into business insights that improve the customer experience for the end-user as well as drive discovery and productivity for app developers!
Key Qualifications
Experience in a data science role - preferably in the digital advertising industry and/or product analytics.
Experience working with Adobe clickstream data.
Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.
Programming skills in Python and SQL, comfortable with advanced analytics tools such as R, Spark, and Tableau.
Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner with product and leadership teams to influence the overall strategy of the product.
Experience in advanced quantitative analysis including regression, classification, clustering, and time-series analyses.
Comfortable working with modern data technologies. Familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principles.
Practical experience working with and conducting experiments on large datasets.
Description
A successful candidate will have deep experience in applied methods (predictive modeling, classification, product feature impact measurement), experience building reporting dashboards, and using those methods and tools to drive key business insights. The role requires both a broad knowledge of existing data mining algorithms, strong business acumen, and creativity to invent and customize when necessary. You’ll work closely with a broad range of data professionals as well as business leaders. You’ll be working on projects where tools and methods are used to drive real-world business value. - Support Product, Marketing, Partner Development, and the Executive Team with analytics for product performance and customer insight. - Work closely with the product team to identify and size new opportunities, develop data requirements, establish appropriate KPIs, and establish proper reporting. - Quantify the impact of product, sales, and marketing initiatives on customer happiness, and future behavior. - Manage business analytic projects through all phases, including data quality, data modeling, algorithm/KPI development, statistical analysis, data visualization, and presentation of results and deliverables. - Design and evaluate experiments that help define opportunities for increased usage, improved marketplace performance, and greater customer happiness. - Monitor usage metrics, understanding business-based explanations for large scale trends, and patterns in customer lifecycle behavior. - Develop reusable models and assets working closely with Data Technology team to ensure scalability and industrialization as models move into production
Education & Experience
BS/MS in a quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Econometrics, Operations Research, Social Sciences, Statistics, or equivalent professional experience
Additional Requirements 