Job Description:
Join our team and earn $16.50 per hour!

Pitney Bowes is now hiring for Full Time Direct Hire Parcel Package Handlers in our Orlando, FL Facility.
You Are:
An individual who enjoys fast paced, physical production environment while developing new skills in the mailing industry. You are a hard-working and vital contributor to our company’s success in meeting productivity standards and customer satisfaction ratings.
You will:
Sort incoming packages and prepare for delivery by either gaylord, sack setup or pallet stacking by using an RF Scanner.
Stack packages on feed conveyor to ensure continual flow
Induct packages into the system and identify any special handling needed.
Perform all additional duties as required.
Your background:
As a Parcel Warehouse Parcel Package Handler, you have:
The ability to be dependable and reliable.
A basic enough understanding of English to be able to understand and follow safety and other operational directions communicated in English, irrespective of your native language.
The ability to work overtime which may include weekends, holidays and or a different shift with little or no advance notice.
Must have current work experience with Pitney Bowes as a Package Handler 1
Preferred:
Prior parcel, fulfillment, warehouse or equivalent experience.
Working knowledge of small package and conveyor systems.
Physical demands and abilities:
The ability to lift up to 50 lbs. with or without accommodations.
The ability to walk, stand, stoop, and bend 80% of the time with or without accommodations.
Our Team:
At Pitney Bowes, we do the right thing, the right way. We have amazing people who are the driving force, the inspiration and foundation of our company. Our thriving culture can be broken down into four components: Client. Team. Win. Innovate.
Ecommerce logistics. Only easier. Pitney Bowes Global Ecommerce is our fastest growing business segment. Our focus on the consumer and shipper experience – driven by innovative technology and consultative insights – has uniquely positioned us as the trusted partner for ecommerce brands and shippers.
Our best-in-class services include ecommerce fulfillment, delivery (domestic and cross-border), and returns that help merchants drive conversions, customer satisfaction and lasting loyalty. These solutions build better order experiences through data science-based innovation and consultative support that help make clients’ jobs easier. Ranked by Internet Retailer as a Top Carrier, Top Fulfillment Service Provider, and the #1 International Ecommerce Provider, we are the preferred ecommerce logistics partner for over 800 brands and shippers.
We will:
Provide the opportunity to grow and develop your career through training and access to various development programs
Offer an inclusive environment that encourages diverse perspectives and ideas
Offer a casual and safe work environment
Deliver challenging and unique opportunities to contribute to the success of a transforming organization
Offer comprehensive benefits: pbprojectliving.com:
Paid time off
Multiple Insurance options: Medical/Dental/Vision/Pet
Multiple savings plan options: 401K Plan with company match; Health Savings Account; Dependent Care
Access to PB Life Perks Discount Program
Eligible for PB Employee Referral Program $$
Training and opportunities for advancement
Tuition Reimbursement
Weekly Paychecks
We actively look for prospects who:
Are passionate about client success.
Enjoy collaborating with others.
Strive to exceed expectations.
Pitney Bowes is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer that values diversity and inclusiveness in the workplace.
Women/Men/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/LGBTQ+ are encouraged to apply.
All interested individuals must apply online. Individuals with disabilities who cannot apply via our online application should refer to the alternate application options via our Individuals with Disabilities link. 