This is a part-time, virtual/remote position in the United States and associated time zones.

Help us transform lives through digital literacy in our Teaching Assistant role! As a TA, you will be able to hone your communication, technical, and administrative skills while helping students reach their development goals. TAs are an essential part of the Coding Dojo bootcamp experience and require proficient trouble-shooting, debugging, and soft skills. TAs are expected to understand the student experience, have enough technical knowledge in Coding Dojo’s technology stacks to identify common bugs and issues, and help instructors with classroom management.

Responsibilities

Occasionally support Instructors through assisting in teaching through small lectures, live demos
Conduct code reviews with students when necessary
Enforce the 20-minute rule
Frequent check-ins with students (every 20 minutes depending), to identify what students are working on and how to support their learning
Provide student feedback to the lead instructor
Create and support a fun atmosphere for learning
Comfortable with supporting students remotely via Zoom & chat forums
Assist students by helping answer questions via Discord
Grade exams

Core Competencies

Get two Black Belts and Yellow Belt (from Web Fun with a score 9.5+).
Understand and be able to simply explain how the HTTP request and response cycle works
Understand and be able to explain common web security issues and how to fix them:
CSRF, XSS, SQL Injection, Sensitive Data Exposure
Be able to whiteboard any of the first 4 algorithms covered in each of the first 6 chapters of the Coding Dojo algorithm book
Desire to help and explain concepts to students
Enthusiasm - exhibits passion and excitement over work. Has a can-do attitude
Calm under pressure - maintains stable performance even when under heavy pressure or stress
Intelligence - demonstrates ability to quickly and proficiently understand and absorb new information
Communication - can break down complex concepts in a simple, easy to understand manner
Humble - respectful of everyone

Minimum Requirements

You must have proficient web programming experience. Please ensure you meet or exceed at least one of the following:
Professional experience as a data analyst, data scientist, data engineer, or domain expert
Working knowledge of cloud computing services
Certification of Completion from a Java or C# stack bootcamp
B.S. degree in data science, data engineering, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or a related degree from an accredited college or university

Benefits

Diverse work culture
Be a part of the mission to diversify the tech industry
Excellent entry into portfolio/resume/CV
Support from world class network of teaching staff
Experience the technology and skills without the stress of actual development/engineering
Share your experience and knowledge with future generations

About Coding Dojo

Coding Dojo is a global education technology company that offers a three full-stack computer programming Bootcamp, as well as courses on Data Science and other emerging technologies. Our innovative curriculum and Learning Management System is designed to train students to become self-sufficient developers, regardless of their technical background. We also make it our mission to support underserved communities and increase diversity in the tech industry.

This position is a rare opportunity to join a rapidly growing company and make a positive impact in many people's lives. At Coding Dojo we pride ourselves on possessing a culture of execution that caters to wavemakers rather than wave riders. If you are interested in joining a diverse and dynamic team who values speed, continuous improvement, measurement, focus, accountability, and “attacking the gap”, you will feel right at home at Coding Dojo.

Coding Dojo is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Coding Dojo is committed to providing access, equal opportunity, and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. 