The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good.

You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities.

Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them.

Be innovative. Be a leader.
Allstate is a company that’s transforming – and we need charismatic, creative professionals like YOU for our Data Science Rotational Program. We are looking for unique individuals with perspectives and experiences who can help influence decisions as we evolve into the Allstate of tomorrow. You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities We’re looking for People Leaders with a strategic mindset and who can help us innovate and solve for our customers’ needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. Job Description
Data, Discovery, and Decision Science (D3) is the research and analytics organization at Allstate. In D3, you’ll be surrounded by 360+ tenacious and intellectually curious colleagues in an inclusive culture that encourages you to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. We are solving some of today’s most complicated analytics problems, making the lives of our Allstate colleagues easier and more productive, and driving our mission to deliver targeted insurance solutions to our customers. We are partnering to incorporate analytics into every aspect of the enterprise. We are avid about learning new ways to get the most value from our massive data resources and leading-edge technology. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse team where everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed. We strive to hire people from different backgrounds so that we can better serve our diverse customer needs.

What you can expect from the rotational program:
You will be part of a select cohort of analysts in D3 who will participate in a yearlong program to rotate within our modern and innovative Data Science department as Data Scientists, Data Analytic Engineers, and Business Analytic Consultants. Through these rotations, you will have the opportunity to lead using data to make decisions. Over the course of the year, you will gain critical skills that includes:
Providing analytical solutions, with significant coaching, to develop statistical, machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs and with guidance learn to execute on modeling/machine learning projects effectively
Communicating findings to team and frontline leadership, and learn to ensure models are well understood and incorporated into business processes
Collaborating with the team in order to improve the effectiveness of business decisions using data and machine learning/predictive modeling

Supervisory Responsibilities: This job does not have supervisory responsibilities Job Qualifications
Education and Experience
BS, MS, or PhD within a highly quantitative/analytical field
0-2 years of related experience
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations : None required
Functional Skills
Aptitude for analytics agility and ability to quickly learn and switch topics
Ability to learn a variety of tools and languages to achieve results
Willingness to learn to analyze and interpret moderate to complex concepts over the course of the program
Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of basic analytical terms and data with a disposition to build communication skillsets to present this data to others with different levels of expertise
Compensation offered for this role is and is based on experience and qualifications.

The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.

Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits, visit allstate.jobs/benefits/

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter , Facebook , Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video .

Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click “ here ” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “ here ” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “ here ”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs

To view the FMLA poster, click “ here ”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.

It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment. 