We welcome you to apply if interested! You will be asked to create an account, which takes less than one minute and requires only a username and password. The entire application takes no more than 5-7 minutes to complete.
 Position Description:
Our Project Managers experience a unique opportunity to employ their technical experience by collaborating with healthcare professionals and leading technical initiatives in medical device technology. The current product line being supported is a medication dispensing device. This is a great opportunity for you to advance your technical and leadership skills!
We are hiring immediately with an expected start date of ASAP. This is a remote position with an opportunity to grow and expand into new opportunities and learn the medical device industry.
Responsibilities:
Lead, facilitate, coordinate, and track day-to- day activities required to ensure the project is completed on time, successfully, and in a manner consistent with organizational goals, departmental policies, established processes, and/or the standard terms and conditions of the contract.
Ongoing customer support throughout the nation wherever the needs may arise.
Oversee a team of support staff, manage project timelines and customer needs.
Commit to a minimum of 40 hours a week remotely based on the local time zone but if there is a need to flex based on their region or customer support that is something that can be accommodated.
Novasyte, a IQVIA company, takes the approach to helping customers drive healthcare forward in this challenging, fast-paced environment. We help customers accelerate results, improve patient outcomes, and unleash new opportunities.
Job Requirements:
Must be comfortable with basic software programs and Microsoft operating system
Experience with project management within the healthcare field, or with healthcare IT software solutions however any experience with project management on a complex program will suffice
Technical experience not required, experience with MS Office is preferable
Experience multitasking with multiple projects, who is independent and can support multiple customers at a time
Flexible and able to handle multiple tasks
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Bachelor's Degree preferred
Hospital or Industry Experience
Duties may require compliance with client requirements that all those performing services on-site be fully vaccinated.
Experience in healthcare, project management, field service, engineering, biomedical, maintenance, customer service, electronics, electrical, technical work, or IT is beneficial for this position.
FT1
At IQVIA, we believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. The advanced analytics, technology solutions and contract research services we provide to the life sciences industry are made possible by our 70,000+ employees around the world who apply their insight, curiosity and intellectual courage every step of the way. Learn more at jobs.iqvia.com.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other status protected by applicable law.
IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation. 