Our Customer is an employment-oriented online service that operates via websites and mobile apps. They are the world's largest professional network with nearly 800 million members in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide. Their vision is to create economic opportunities for every member of the global workforce and aim to connect the world’s professionals to make them more productive and successful. Launched on May 5, 2003, the platform is primarily used for professional networking and career development.
We are seeking a Monetization Operations Analyst for a contract basis to help accelerate growth and strengthen go-to-market operations across our Talent Solutions business through collaboration with pricing, sales, data science, operations, and systems. This Monetization Operations Analyst will project manage high-priority programs and communicate program value through reporting.

What You’ll Do:
Partner closely with key cross-functional partners and build productive relationships within Pricing, Sales, Operations, Systems, HR & Finance teams
Ensure that team reporting is accurate and help scale our reporting processes to provide global insights
Guarantee that key strategic projects are on track and provide visibility for senior leaders
Serve as a trusted advisor to the Pricing team on our reconciliation processes, reporting and ensuring trust in our data and insights
Drive accountability and impact with strategic partners on hiring and onboarding processes, responsible for liaising with HR and all cross-functional partners involved in growth initiatives to ensure all teams are meeting targets and any blockers are surfaced
Manage performance dashboards to monitor business line performance and analyze business drivers

Must Haves:
1+ years in program management, finance, project management, deal desk, pricing, or other operations roles
Experienced in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, SQL
Self-starter who has experience working in highly cross-functional teams
Exceptionally strong communication skills, including experience, effectively communicating with senior management
Experience working in high-growth, performance-focused environments
Ability to inspire and influence cross-functional partners and drive decision-making among senior executives
Ability to drive key initiatives to successful outcomes in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment
Project tracking experience

Education:
BA/BS degree preferred

Hours & Location:
Standard M-F, 40 hours/week. This role will be 100% Remote.
All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be legally authorized to work in the United States and are required to have US residency at the time of application.
Perks are available through our 3rd Party Employer of Record (Available upon completion of the waiting period for eligible engagements)
Health Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life (including spouse & child), 401k, STD/LTD, AD&D, and Commuter Benefits program.
Please note : In order to to create a safe, productive work environment, our client requires all contractors who plan to be onsite to be fully vaccinated according to the CDC guidelines. Prior to coming into our offices, contractors will be required to attest that they are fully vaccinated. 