Our MissionWe make good things happen by recognizing and rewarding people for taking the high road. How? By reinventing insurance that celebrates people’s mindful choices.Insurance was fundamentally a brilliant idea, but it always had a key challenge — it couldn’t identify and acknowledge the positive decisions that individuals made along the way. But when we apply smart mobile technologies, we can. And that’s what we do. We help our customers save on their monthly bill. But more importantly, they join a growing movement of people who dare to live more mindfully because doing so is simply better for everyone.We’re a well-funded, talent dense team of people who care about using our skills to do good. From data science, to design, engineering, insurance, product, research, user experience and beyond — we believe in people who believe they can make the world even better. Join us, and let’s build the higher path that is HiRoad.Minimum Qualifications: Enjoys a Python-centric code base and Python best practices.Has an interest in learning and gaining experience with high-level architecture.Experience in building RESTful services.Preferred Qualifications: Bachelor’s in Computer Science or related field.Data science fundamentals are not required, but are a plus.Exposure to the scientific Python stack would be helpful (numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, tensorflow, etc). If you don't have it, you will learn it here.Experience with Cassandra and Kafka.Exposure with using cloud-based production systems at scale.Experience with integrations and data warehousing using tools like Redshift.Experience with scheduling tools like Airflow.Additional Details: Salary: We pay competitive salaries factoring in experience, skill set, and location. We do not offer equity.We provide a wide-selection of health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, and supplemental income plans. We also offer a 401(k) Plan with a company match.Wellness and Time Off: We provide Headspace subscriptions, a wellness allowance, and generous time off including four weeks of PTO in the first year of employment with additional time granted upon hire. New parents may also take eight weeks of fully paid parental leave (plus four weeks for parents who give birth) which may be taken within one year after the birth and/or the adoption of a child.Professional learning and growth: We provide a generous allowance each year for professional learning, continuing education, and career development.Location: May work from anywhere in the US, but will need to be actively available during core meeting hours from 9:00AM - 3:00PM pacific time to collaborate with team members across all time zones.Some travel may be required after the San Francisco office re-opens.Candidates based in the SF Bay Area will be able to commute to the SF office for in-person meetings and other gatherings. Frequency TBD.#LI-RemoteThis role is employed by BlueOwl, LLC. BlueOwl, LLC is a separate company in the State Farm family of companies and is the solutions provider for the HiRoad Assurance Company.Job Type: Full-time 