Symetra has an exciting opportunity to join our Stop Loss team as a Reporting Data Analyst!


About the role

As the Reporting Data Analyst in Stop Loss, you will support both new reporting initiatives and ongoing reporting needs within the Sales and Underwriting Departments using a variety of tools crossing numerous data sources. You’ll be responsible for providing, developing and presenting reporting or reporting tools based on data analysis in a time sensitive matter with a high degree of accuracy.


What you will do

Develop and produce various financial reporting, management reporting, experience studies, and research to support underwriting and sales areas of the stop loss team.
Work with multiple data sources, and accurately accesses the correct data within complex databases based on business needs and reporting requirements including reports and reporting tools.
Drive efficiencies in developing reporting solutions and provide insight for key decision making by management team of the Stop Loss team and Benefits Division with primary focus on providing metrics and decision making tools to support the underwriting and sales effort in achieving division goals
Direct project teams to gather information and/or creating management level presentations demonstrating understanding of data as required
General department support as needed which may include user acceptance tests during the new deployment of new system or system updates, data metrics and structure.


What we offer you

Benefits and Perks

We don’t take a “one-size-fits-all” approach when it comes to our employees. Our programs are designed to make your life better both at work and at home.


Flexible full-time or hybrid telecommuting arrangements
Plan for your future with our 401(k) plan and take advantage of immediate vesting and company matching up to 6%
Paid time away including vacation and sick time, flex days and ten paid holidays
Give back to your community and double your impact through our company matching
Want more details? Check out our Symetra Benefits Overview

Compensation

Salary Range: $65,300-$108,800 plus eligibility for annual bonus program


We empower inclusion

At Symetra, we’re building a place where every employee feels valued, respected, and has opportunities to contribute. Inclusion is about recognizing our assumptions, considering multiple perspectives, and removing barriers.


We accept and celebrate diverse experiences, identities, and perspectives, because lifting each other up fuels thought and builds a stronger, more innovative company. We invite you to learn more about our efforts here.
Your experience and skills

Bachelor’s degree with strong quantitative background including college level Mathematics, Actuarial Science, Data Science, Programming, Statistics, or similar field
3-5 years life insurance industry experience and providing data analytic support
1-2 years’ experience in a business analyst or reporting analyst role
Effective communication with management team and increasing communication with others within the division and organization
Demonstrated understanding of concepts assumptions used for modeling and financial reporting, project management or statistical background helpful
High degree of accuracy along with attention to detail
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to meet deadlines
Proficient in Excel
Power BI and/or Python is desirable
Effectively influence stakeholders
Ability to effectively present data to senior leadership team

Why work at Symetra

Here’s what some of our employees have to say about why they work at Symetra:


“If you are looking for a company that will magnify your talents, give you a voice, and that will continuously challenge you while pushing you to grow, you've found the right place. I'm so lucky to have found Symetra. I have never been happier!” Gina B. - Medical Risk Consultant RN- Auditor Trainer
“As a woman who recently moved into an IT role, I really appreciate that Symetra encourages women to pursue roles that have been historically (and currently) male dominated. I appreciate that Symetra puts its money where its mouth is. It's not simply paying lip service to its values; it really backs them up with action and initiatives. It sends a positive message to employees, customers, partners (both actual and potential) as well as to the industry that Symetra really does care about the values it advertises.” Aurora D. Associate Software Developer


In a complex industry, we strive for clarity.
Symetra is a dynamic and growing financial services company with 60 years of experience and customers nationwide. In our daily work delivering retirement, employee benefits, and life insurance products, we're guided by the principles of VALUE, TRANSPARENCY AND SUSTAINABILITY. That means we provide products and services people need at a competitive price, we communicate clearly and honestly so people understand what they're getting, and we build products that stand the test of time. We work hard and do what's right for our customers, communities, and employees. Join our team and share in our success as we work toward becoming the next national player in our industry.


For more information about our careers visit www.symetra.com/careers.


Work Authorization

Employer work visa sponsorship and support are not provided for this role. Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States at hire and must maintain authorization to work in the United States throughout their employment with our company.


#LI-NW1

#LI-Remote 