Are you highly analytical and looking for an opportunity to promote evidence-based decision-making? Do you enjoy using statistics and building predictive models to solve business problems? Reporting to the Data Science Manager, you will employ statistical methods to understand business drivers, improve our processes, and lead new data-driven tests and initiatives within Fisher Investments.
The Day-to-Day:
Develop predictive models, statistical analyses, and optimization algorithms to understand business drivers and increase the efficiency of business groups across the organization
Play a major role in the experimental design and analysis of tests and projects across the firm
Use data to identify trends, increase return on investment, and guide better decisions
Be a part of our data modernization efforts through the implementation of new data architecture, cloud, and machine learning technology
Your Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent combination of education/experience
2+ years of experience in data science: machine learning, statistics, or programming
Experience with machine learning techniques, experimental design, and large datasets
Proficiency in the following, or related, software packages: SQL, R, Excel
Why Fisher Investments:
At Fisher Investments, we work for a bigger purpose: bettering the investment universe. From unmatched service to unique perspectives on investing, it’s the people that make the Fisher purpose possible. And we invest in them by offering exceptional benefits like:
100% paid medical, dental and vision premiums for you and your qualifying dependents
A 50% 401(k) match, up to the IRS maximum
20 days of PTO*, plus 9 paid holidays
8 weeks paid Primary Caregiver Parental Leave
Back-up Child Care Program available, offering up to 10 days annually
A cumulative learning and development framework customized for every employee
An award-winning work environment - we're Great Place to Work Certified, and Top Workplace winners from The Oregonian
We take great pride in our inclusive culture. We value the different perspectives and unique skills you bring to the team – it makes us all better. Success at Fisher Investments is motivated by results, a collaborative mindset and a commitment to accomplishing great things – so if you are ready to do that, we are ready for you! Apply today to be a part of a team environment where you make a difference in the lives of people by bettering the investment universe.
California employees accrue up to 17 days of PTO and 3 days of sick time per year.
FISHER INVESTMENTS IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 