Department: WCAS Statistics & Data Science
Department of Statistics and Data Science, Northwestern University
Statistics/Data Science/Machine Learning Tenure-Track Assistant Professor Faculty Position
Northwestern University, Department of Statistics and Data Science invites applications for a full-time, tenure-track assistant professor faculty position with expertise in data science, broadly defined, and with experience/interest in big data analysis, to begin on September 1, 2023. PhD in statistics/computer science or related fields is required. Research experience and expertise in machine learning and/or data science is desirable. Duties include teaching undergraduate and graduate courses, conducting research, and advising students. Review of applications will start on Oct 1, 2022 and continue until the position is filled.
Applicants should submit a cover letter, CV, research statement, as well as three contacts for letters of recommendation via application link at https://statistics.northwestern.edu/about/faculty-search-.html. Questions to Kisa Kowal, k-kowal@northwestern.edu.
Please read ALL instructions and make preparations before proceeding to the application page:
Applications will only be accepted via online submission (see link below).
Please prepare all documents in advance as Adobe PDF files, and please be sure all information is entered correctly and accurately (especially names and email addresses), as there will be no opportunity for online revision after your application has been submitted.
Please also prepare a list of names and email addresses for your external academic references; your references will be contacted directly by the online system and invited to upload their letters on your behalf.
All required fields in the application form are marked with an asterisk and must be filled before clicking the “Submit” button.
Be aware that incomplete applications cannot be saved.
Applications accepted here: Apply for Job

Northwestern requires all staff and faculty to be vaccinated against COVID-19, subject to limited exceptions. For more information, please visit our COVID-19 and Campus Updates website.
The Northwestern campus sits on the traditional homelands of the people of the Council of Three Fires, the Ojibwe, Potawatomi, and Odawa as well as the Menominee, Miami and Ho-Chunk nations. We acknowledge and honor the original people of the land upon which Northwestern University stands, and the Native people who remain on this land today. 