DEPARTMENT
Customer Success
LOCATION
Suwanee, GA / Remote
JOB-TYPE & PAY
Full-Time
Starting at $45,000 + Bonus
POSITION OVERVIEW
At REPLI, the Customer Onboarding Specialist role is critical to the success of the Sales & Customer Success teams. The successful candidate will have exceptional customer service skills, great attention to detail and critical thinking skills. Responsibilities include partnering with Sales, Customer Success and other internal teams to provision new and existing customers’ licenses. The Customer Onboarding Specialist will conduct Customer Orientations for new customers. They will also manage specific cases in the Hubspot & Monday Support queues, maintain accurate account information, and scrutinize processes and procedures to provide constructive feedback and suggestions to both the Customer Success & Experience Manager + the Chief Operating Officer.
Our clients must continue to receive meaningful value from our services and, as such, continual advocacy and client satisfaction play an integral role in this position. A successful Customer Onboarding Specialist is detailed, extremely organized and loves to work with humans.
Lastly, you’re analytical with a high EQ and client satisfaction mindset. The Customer Onboarding Specialist reports to the Manager of Customer Success & Experience.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Primary Initiatives
Customer Happiness & Positive Ongoing Customer Experience
Successful Customer Onboarding & Adoption
Customer Relationship Management Development & Executive Sponsor Performance

Responsibilities
4 Primary Responsibility Functions
Industry and product knowledge
Understanding success & influencing outcomes
Delivering value and influencing the best customer onboarding experience
Partner with internal resources, acting as customer advocate

Additional Responsibilities
Customer onboarding, support, adoption, advocacy, retention, renewals, and up-sells
Manage client listening points through surveys, Executive Sponsor sync calls, exit surveys, etc…
Manage customer interactions through orientation, cases, and enablement, with the goal of 100% customer satisfaction
Provide as much value to customers as possible based on the progress of their implementation
Fully leverage Hubspot & Monday.com functionality to enable subscriptions in a timely manner with exceptional accuracy
Work closely with Sales & Customer Success teams to answer questions and help with onboarding issues
Apply critical thinking skills to identify internal errors, and troubleshoot customer onboarding issues
Maintain accurate account information to assist in reporting and process management
Monitor the Monday.com Onboarding boards, corresponding support tickets and work with internal teams to onboard customers with efficiency, empathy and speed.
Become a REPLI product Subject Matter Expert for REPLI Websites, SEO & ADS products
Manage internal support requests related to onboarding & implementation
Manage provisioning new accounts & other duties as assigned
REQUIRED SKILLS
What You'll Need
Experience in Customer Support or Customer Service role
1+ Years of hands-on Digital Marketing experience.
Driving and communicating the ins and outs of cross-channel digital marketing strategies
Must have knowledge of or experience in managing digital marketing campaigns related to SEM, SEO & Social Media.
Account Management and customer success experience a huge plus
1+ Years of experience with Website Support, Sales or Development
Experience in SaaS industry a plus, not required
Experience in Property Management industry a plus, not required
Strong relationship skills, supported by strategic consulting skills and technical curiosity
Highly dependable, self-starter, high energy, positive attitude with good organization, and time management skills
A demonstrated history of excellent written and verbal executive communication
The ability to thrive in changing environments and a passion for strengthening client-agency relationships
Strong experience with digital marketing tools
Entrepreneurial spirit with a passion for knowledge and personal growth
Bonus Qualifications
Candidates with the following will have the opportunity to take ownership over some of the areas we need most:
Onboarding experience, such as project coordination, information automation workflows & streamlining communication
Math or data science background. There’s a lot of potential value we can deliver with our dataset.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE
Some college experience, or equivalent work experience
1+ years of hands-on Digital Marketing experience in an agency environment
ABOUT REPLI
REPLI is a full-service property tech company that develops custom software solutions for multifamily organizations while also offering on-demand marketing services handled by our in-house agency team. Essentially a one-stop-shop for multifamily apartment marketing.
W﻿e’ve created an award-winning culture that you’d be proud to join. We’ve won Best and Brightest Places to Work in Atlanta, Best and Brightest Places in the Nation, 2021 Best Places to Work Multifamily, and 2020 NAA Best Places to Work.
REPLI is an equal opportunity employer to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. 