Summary
Posted: May 4, 2022
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:200361189
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. You bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish! We are looking for an independent, motivated and highly analytical team-player with proven experience in the entertainment industry and video streaming platforms! This role is based in our Culver City, CA office and report into the Services and Infrastructure Finance organization. As a Business Insights Analyst, you will partner closely with Apple TV+ teams and Finance to deliver data insights and a decision framework to inform greenlight, renewal and marketing investments.
Key Qualifications
5+ years of relevant experience in finance, strategy and/or consulting role.
5+ years of entertainment industry experience, exposure to direct-to-consumer video streaming of original content.
Background in statistical and financial analysis, forecasting and modeling.
Ability to collect, prioritize, and analyze large data sets. Proficiency in Excel and SQL.
Strong collaborator and team player who can work well with both engineering and non-engineering groups.
Outstanding presentation and communication skills, at all levels of the organization.
Highly organized and structured thinker with experienced project management skills.
Results driven who demonstrates integrity and self accountability. Adept at turning ambiguity into action.
Intellectual curiosity and aptitude to challenge the status quo.
Description
Develop in-depth analysis to better understand viewer retention, engagement drivers and return on marketing investments for Apple TV+ Deliver data insights and analysis to objectively inform content greenlight and renewal decisions. Build holistic models that consider paid subscribers, content, viewership, engagement and overall impact to revenue and subscriber projections. Frame business problems and translate partner needs into an articulated ask that can be shared with Data Engineering and Data Science to develop scalable processes and analytical products. Persistent and resourceful in extracting data from multiple sources, analyze, and then clearly and concisely present insights to cross-functional teams and executives. Lead cross-functional analytics projects, responsible for requirements gathering, stakeholder coordination, risk management, reporting, and driving projects to completion and successful outcomes.
Education & Experience
Bachelor's degree in finance, economics, mathematics, or other relevant field that demonstrates quantitative competence. MBA desirable.
Additional Requirements 