About Practicum
Practicum is a family of digital re-skilling products. We help people with versatile backgrounds learn a new profession online and build a sustainable career in the Tech Industry.
Our programs graduates have landed dream jobs at places like Tesla, Accenture, Nielsen, and Microsoft. More than 5,000 students have already chosen Practicum and we need your unique expertise to keep our company both competitive and innovative.
Our mission is to help people with versatile backgrounds learn a new profession and build a sustainable career in tech.
In the role

We are looking to hire a curriculum content creator for our Data Analyst and Data Scientist programs. This part-time position will focus on developing new industry relevant content for our Data Analyst and Data Science that keeps up with industry trends and employer desired technical skills for entry level jobs in those fields.
What will you do
Write and rewrite content for the Data Analyst and Data Scientist programs.
Review existing lessons for coherence, clarity, and flow. Clarify ambiguities.
Propose ways to spice up content: helpful illustrations, tables, videos...
Create datasets for use in lessons and improve existing ones.
Creation of all materials for the platform and tutors
Communication with editor, curriculum lead and instructional design lead
Maintaining narrative design
Test writing and quizzes creation
Refactoring and improving content
What we're looking for?
Have professional experience as a data scientist, especially on the analytics side.
Know Python and SQL. (Bonus points if you've worked with Tableau!)
Understand CPA advertising and business analytics.
Have experience building machine learning models.
Have experience teaching or preparing educational content.
Have strong writing skills and excellent English.
Want to work with an international team.
What can we offer you?
Remote, part-time work - 20-25h/month or 15-20 per week also fine
$35-$50/hour, with compensation adjusted for skill level
A comfortable digital office. We use modern digital tools — Slack, Miro, Notion, Zoom — to make working together seamless.
A schedule that's convenient for you. There isn't a focus on micromanaging.
Growth. Our product is expanding quickly, so it's a great time to get on board and challenge yourself
Team. Exceptional teammates, who love what they do
Cross-cultural work experience in tutoring and conducting webinars
Disclosures
At this time we are unable to offer H1B sponsorship opportunities.
**This job description is not designed to contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required. Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities at any time.
***Practicum is an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national original, age, religion, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, protected military/veteran status, or any other legally protected factor. 