Virta is the first company with a clinically-proven treatment to safely and sustainably reverse type-2 diabetes without the use of medications or surgery. Our innovations in nutritional biochemistry, data science and digital tools combined with our clinical expertise are shifting the diabetes treatment paradigm from management to reversal.

Our mission: reverse type 2 diabetes in 100 million people by 2025.

Virta is available to 100% of the U.S population, and we are expanding our capabilities to bring our groundbreaking online type 2 diabetes reversal treatment to even more patients.

We’re looking for a motivated individual to join our Patient Support team at Virta. As a Patient Support Specialist, you will support the non-clinical side of our patient experience as our patients work to reverse diabetes. Your primary responsibilities in this role will include working with internal and external teams to engage with our applicants and patients to answer non-clinical questions they may have as they enroll in our treatment and achieve positive health outcomes.

The Patient Support Specialist will be part of a team who is accountable for metrics such as CSAT (Satisfaction Surveys) and response time (SLAs). We’re looking for someone who is passionate about the patient experience and who is willing to jump in and make an impact. This role will work cross-functionally with our coach, provider, marketing, enrollment, and engineering teams to ensure patients are receiving resolutions for non-clinical issues which will help Virta transform more and more patients’ lives!

Please note this is a remote opportunity!

Responsibilities

Work with team members through our ZenDesk ticketing system to effectively and efficiently provide answers to our patients, applicants, and external inquisitors.
As a team, continuously improve our processes to maximize efficiency while maintaining CSAT, SLAs, and additional team metrics.
Jump in and tackle additional projects as needed, bandwidth permitting

90 Day Plan

Within your first 90 days at Virta, we expect you will do the following:

Become familiar with the Virta treatment and be able to answer 20 different types of tickets autonomously
Develop a consistent and efficient daily workflow with the team to ensure all tickets are resolved in a timely manner
Maintain customer satisfaction rating of >90% and aid the team in responding to >95% of tickets within 8 hours

Must-Haves

Passion for customer experience and helping people via email and phone
20-30 hours of weekday and weekend availability
Ability to think critically and be data-driven in solving patient problems
Operational experience- especially in a fast-growing, rapidly changing environment
Knowledge of technology tools and ability to quickly pick up new technologies
Strong and effective communication skills, with the ability to listen to understand an issue and problem solve
Keen attention to detail in order to effectively solve tickets the first time around
Ability to connect with patients to get a deeper understanding of their experience

Values-driven culture

Virta’s company values drive our culture, so you’ll do well if:

You put people first and take care of yourself, your peers, and our patients equally
You have a strong sense of ownership and take initiative while empowering others to do the same
You prioritize positive impact over busy work
You have no ego and understand that everyone has something to bring to the table regardless of experience
You appreciate transparency and promote trust and empowerment through open access of information
You are evidence-based and prioritize data and science over seniority or dogma
You take risks and rapidly iterate

As part of your duties at Virta, you may come in contact with sensitive patient information that is governed by HIPAA. Throughout your career at Virta, you will be expected to follow Virta's security and privacy procedures to ensure our patients' information remains strictly confidential. Security and privacy training will be provided. 