COVID-19 continues to significantly impact our employees, families and communities. With employee health and safety as our top priority, and as a federal contractor, Lockheed Martin is taking action to address the increased risk and uncertainty COVID-19 variants pose in the workplace and ensuring we meet our commitments to national security.

To uphold safety for all employees, we will continue to request vaccination status for all Lockheed Martin employees including new hires. All current and newly hired employees are required to follow onsite safety measures based upon the COVID-19 Community Level at the specific work location.
Description:By bringing together people that use their passion for purposeful innovation, at Lockheed Martin we keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work. With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel development and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. At Lockheed Martin, we place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering innovation, integrity, and exemplifying the epitome of corporate responsibility. Your Mission is Ours.

Lockheed Martin Aeronautics in Fort Worth, Texas is seeking a full-time Early Career Data Science / Data Analyst. In this role, you will support the Data Quality & Integration Management (DQIM) organization in support of Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Sustainment. We are seeking world-class talent to apply technical standards, principles, theories, concepts, and techniques in the data quality engineering discipline to resolve complex problems. The candidate must be able to concurrently handle multiple and widely varying assignments in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment.

Must have the ability to work independently as well as being a team-player and willing to support other team members on a proactive basisMust engage professionally and effectively with senior managementMust be able to successfully meet deadlines and execute to a strict timeline
The successful candidate will have experience and/or knowledge of Bachelor of Science Degree in Engineering or a related technical discipline: Industrial, Mechanical, Aerospace, Electrical, Data Science, Data Analysis, Physics or Mathematics (use of stochastic and deterministic data models) or related technical disciplines with an emphasis on modeling, data manipulation, and/or the application of mathematical and statistical methods.
Experience working to integrate and deliver data and provide data forensics/analysisTechniques in data analysis, data extraction, data mining.Manipulation of data using Microsoft Excel and/or Access
Coursework or experience using databases and/or visualizations (MS Access, Tableau, SQL/Oracle
Coursework or experience in formal presentation development, PowerPoint construct and delivery
Must be a US Citizen. This position will require a government security clearance. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor of Science Degree in Engineering or a related Technical discipline: Industrial, Computer, Mechanical, Aerospace, Electrical, Data Science, Data Analysis, Physics or Mathematics
Experience working to integrate and deliver data and provide data forensics/analysis
Techniques in data analysis, data extraction, data mining
Manipulation of data using Microsoft Excel and/or Access
Coursework or experience using databases and/or visualizations (MS Access, Tableau, SQL/Oracle
Coursework or experience in formal presentation development, PowerPoint construct and delivery

Must be a US Citizen. This position will require a government security clearance. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.
Desired Skills:
Experience in one or more of the following:


Use of TeamCenter (PDM/LDM) to review and verify Design and Logistics DataFirst-hand experience using F-35 ATLAS application to extract and verify logistics dataMS Project / scheduling toolsMS Access DB Development- Development of Aircraft/Aviation System Bills-of-Material (BOM)/Structures
Reading, Writing, and Applying Structured Query Language (SQL) to extract, process and manipulate data
Reading, Interpreting, and Writing eXtensible Markup Language (XML)
Systems Engineering Principles to include requirementsHands-on knowledge with TeamCenter e-Cubed report builder
MS Access DB Development- Outstanding interpersonal, communication, and problem solving skills with the ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
4 yr and up College 