Job Title
Teaching Assistant, Data Science
Job Description
About Us
We provide outstanding data science training programs to help individuals accelerate and pivot their careers in data science. We are actively looking for talented, hard-working, and good-natured people, who are active in the data science community, who will strive, sweat, and go the extra mile for our students.
Job Description Summary
Provides administrative, teaching, and technical support to instructors. May print and, file rosters, post attendance, email/chat with students, review homework and problem sets, host office hours, review curriculum, and similar activities.
Description
The Data Science Teaching Assistant will assist the Senior Data Science instructors in supporting the students in and outside of the class, and ensuring a high level of engagement and interactivity.
Responsibilities
Respond directly to individual student questions
Proactively seek out individual students to assess their progress
Conduct code reviews and provide students with timely feedback
Create opportunities for student interactivity (e.g., chats, polls, etc)
Work individually with students to resolve technical problems that may arise
Provide additional student support in accordance with the individualized learning plan if necessary
Assist with course design, operations, and marketing, if necessary
Guest lecture, if requested and approved by lead instructor
Help manage the curriculum repository
Host office hours
Support the online platform (if applicable)
Professional Characteristics
Background in relevant data science specialization
Strong and clear communicator, both verbally and in writing
Empathetic, patient, dedicated
Authorized to work in the US
Perks of the Role
Part of a team that is transforming education
Flexible hours, including a mix of teaching and programming
Work closely with Data Scientist and students
If you are enthusiastic about education, using your skills and talents to help improve people’s lives, and interested in working on a team of professionals at a globally respected education organization- you’ve found the right place. At Kaplan, we’re passionate about what we do and who we do it for.

Unyielding determination to make a difference in people's lives through the power of education- That is Kaplan. For more than 80 years, Kaplan has been a trailblazer in education and professional advancement. We are the intersection of education and technology, providing our students and clients with an experience that not only allows them to achieve their goals, but also ignites lifelong learning. Kaplan’s culture of collaboration, innovation, and creativity truly makes Kaplan a great place to work and positions us to continue to deliver a best-in-class educational experience.

The future of education is here and we are eager to work alongside those that want to make a positive impact and inspire change in the world around them.

#LI-Remote
Location
Remote/Nationwide, USA
Additional Locations
Employee Type
Employee
Job Functional Area
Instructors
Business Unit
BU00112 Metis
Kaplan is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All positions with Kaplan are paid at least $15 per hour or$31,200 per year for full-time positions. Compensation for specific positions are based on job level, skills, years of experience, and education, among other factors. Additionally, certain positions are bonus or commission eligible. Information regarding benefits can be found here.
Diversity & Inclusion Statement:
Diversity inspires innovation and growth in the Kaplan community. Kaplan strives to be a model employer for inclusiveness. Not only does Kaplan value its employees for their professionalism and skills, but also for the unique viewpoints they bring to the Organization. Kaplan's employees bring diverse perspectives, ideas, and backgrounds that give Kaplan a competitive edge in anticipating and exceeding our students' needs in today's global market. Learn more about our culture. 