Summary
Posted: Jan 28, 2022
Role Number:200261886
The Technology Development Group (TDG) is working with some of Apple's most advanced and exciting technologies, including augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) explorations. As a member of our fast-paced organization, you will have the opportunity to be part of a rapidly evolving team, driving experiences that will delight and inspire millions of people. In this role, as a Data Collection Operator / User Researcher, you will work full time on site in Santa Clara Valley with our core engineering teams. In this role, you will be responsible for facilitating multiple research focused data collections, a spectrum of user studies, and supporting large scale data collection operations. Some of your functional responsibilities will include: on boarding / facilitating / owning specialized data collections / user studies, intaking / ensuring participants are properly screened, communicating ICF rights / obligations, and partnering with engineering teams consistently to meet critical program data needs.
Key Qualifications
Capacity to learn on the fly & on board into new data collection systems / protocols rapidly
Enthusiasm for tackling new, large scale, rapidly evolving study / data demands
Ability to rapidly & calmly problem solve / improvise / triage technical scenarios
Strong advocacy / empathy / ability to advocate for the user experience POV
Exceptional people management / communication skills (i.e. navigating / deescalating participant issues, as needed)
Resourceful, passionate, creative, results oriented
High energy / positive attitude / strong work ethic
Attention to detail across large & small scale operations
Description
You have experience operating hands on data collections / user studies at scale, and know how to leverage critical observational skills while gathering data. You’re comfortable working independently, but thrive collaborating with highly technical teams on accelerated timelines. You are successful because you are detail oriented, self- motivated, and have a high tolerance for change / ambiguity in partnerships with a strong sense of empathy for your team and participants. Your success is heavily derived from the strength of your relationships. You have a strong technical and communications background.
Education & Experience
Bachelors degree or equivalent industry experience required
Additional Requirements
Experience in data collection + user study facilitation / planning / design / coordination / execution
Proven experience facilitating a broad range of user research / studies on accelerated timelines.
Ability to thrive in cross functional, fast-paced technical environments under ambiguous circumstances.
Strongly Preferred:
Computer Science, Data Science, Cognitive Science, &/or User Research Background
Experience standing up / scaling / technical / experiential productions
Experience in a range of lab functions (inventory management, system set up/ operations, data collection, etc)
Experience with 3D Modeling and or AR/VR development
Apple’s most important resource, our soul, is our people. Apple benefits help further the well-being of our employees and their families in meaningful ways. No matter where you work at Apple, you can take advantage of our health and wellness resources and time-away programs. We’re proud to provide stock grants to employees at all levels of the company, and we also give employees the option to buy Apple stock at a discount — both offer everyone at Apple the chance to share in the company’s success. You’ll discover many more benefits of working at Apple, such as programs that match your charitable contributions, reimburse you for continuing your education and give you special employee pricing on Apple products.
Apple benefits programs vary by country and are subject to eligibility requirements.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace. 