P&G is the largest consumer packaged goods company in the world. We have operations in over 75 countries, with 65 trusted brands that improve lives for 5 billion consumers worldwide. This brings many advantages, including the opportunity for our employees to enjoy a diverse and rewarding lifelong career filled with new and exciting challenges.
Are you looking for a position that offers a rewarding lifelong career filled with new and exciting challenges? P&G is looking for a Ph.D. Scientist in R&D.
Ph.D. Scientist - R&D
We are seeking a highly motivated PhD Scientists to join the R&D organization of the Procter and Gamble Co, located in Cincinnati, OH. R&D Scientists are responsible for inventing, reapplying, developing, and delivering breakthrough product, process, raw material and packaging technologies that provide irresistible and winning brand experience to consumers. They work on cutting-edge technologies with multi-disciplinary and highly professional teams across the Company. In R&D, we have opportunities in a variety of technical fields like: Product Research, Process Development, Analytical, Modeling and Simulation, Product Safety and Regulatory Affairs. The Scientist will work in close collaboration with multifunctional project teams and lead upstream innovation programs to evaluate new molecules, understand fundamental mechanisms, generate new insights, and develop R&D solutions that deliver superior benefits in our consumer products, such as Tide, Dawn, Pantene, Olay, Pampers, Bounty, Always, Crest, Nyquil, Gillette, and many more, to further grow P&G's $75+ billion business. These insights will have a meaningful influence on our business strategy and will enable our products to win with consumers and deliver sustainable results for our Company.
Qualifications

All interested candidates must be seeking / possess a PhD degree in a STEM field such as Chemistry (Organic, Inorganic, Bio, Analytical, Physical), Engineering (Chemical, Mechanical, Material Science, Biomedical), Life Sciences (Biology, Microbiology, Bioinformatics, toxicology, pharmacology), or a related field.
Candidates must possess excellent problem-solving skills, critical thinking and ability to use data to connect multiple ideas and develop solutions
Passionate about hands-on experimental work and demonstrated track record of leading, building and testing technical hypothesis
Strong ownership & self-leadership skills to understand the technical problem to be solved, collaborate with the project team for test method development and technology development
Collaborative team player with the ability to work in a multi-functional organization
Excellent oral and written communication skills in English
Publications track record in peer-reviewed scientific journals
A basic understanding of data science/statistics
Desired Qualifications:
Ability to code in main languages (Python, R, Matlab)
Experience in computational modeling and data analysis
Experience in more than one STEM field
Just So You Know:
We are committed to providing equal opportunities in employment. We value diversity and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Immigration Sponsorship is not available for this role. For more information regarding who is eligible for hire at P&G along with other work authorization FAQ’s, please click HERE.
Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law.
Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Job locations:

Mason, Ohio, United States; Cincinnati, Ohio, United States; Saint Bernard, Ohio, United States Job Type: Full time Job categories: Research And Development Req No: R000060853 