Discover Your Career at Emory University:
Emory University is a leading research university that fosters excellence and attracts world-class talent to innovate today and prepare leaders for the future. We welcome candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of our academic community.

Description:
The Center for Data Science in the Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing at Emory University seeks a post-doctoral scholar to work with Dr. Vicki Hertzberg. The post-doctoral scholar will participate in the development and application of novel machine learning methods and tools to characterize and predict nursing outcomes. The selected candidate will be expected to participate in the development of publications for peer-reviewed journals as well as on grant proposals to funding agencies.

JOB DESCRIPTION: Helps design and conduct research within a specified field while receiving advanced training from a designated Principal Investigator to enhance professional skills and research independence needed for pursuit of a career. The specific area of research in which the trainee is mentored is determined by the department and laboratory of the Postdoc. Designs and evaluates experiments. Develops new ideas that promote current research. Prepares and publishes scientific manuscripts under the direction of the Principal Investigator. May be responsible for operation of specific equipment. May teach techniques to others, train, and supervise research staff. Positions are temporary appointments as a research trainee. The initial appointment is for one year, renewal expected if progress is satisfactory and funds are available. Appointments cannot exceed five years.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: Candidates must have a PhD in nursing, computer science, biostatistics, statistics, or related quantitative field, required in hand by appointment start date. Experience in modeling and predictive analytics is preferred, including proficiency in R and Python. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are required, as is the ability to work in a cross-functional team.

Initial appointment will be for one year, beginning September 1, 2022. Re-appointment for a second year is dependent on satisfactory performance and availability of funding.

For further information about the position, please contact Vicki Hertzberg via email at vhertzb@emory.edu.

Emory Supports a Diverse and Inclusive Culture:
To ensure the safety of our campus community, the COVID-19 vaccine is required. For more information on the University and Hospital policies and potential exemptions, please see our website.

Emory University is dedicated to providing equal opportunities and equal access to all individuals regardless of race, color, religion, ethnic or national origin, gender, genetic information, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, and veteran's status. Emory University does not discriminate in admissions, educational programs, or employment on the basis of any factor stated above or prohibited under applicable law. Students, faculty, and staff are assured of participation in University programs and in the use of facilities without such discrimination. Emory University complies with Executive Order 11246, as amended, Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veteran's Readjustment Assistance Act, and applicable executive orders, federal and state regulations regarding nondiscrimination, equal opportunity and affirmative action. Emory University is committed to achieving a diverse workforce through application of its affirmative action, equal opportunity and nondiscrimination policy in all aspects of employment including recruitment, hiring, promotions, transfers, discipline, terminations, wage and salary administration, benefits, and training. Inquiries regarding this policy should be directed to the Emory University Department of Equity and Inclusion, 201 Dowman Drive, Administration Building, Atlanta, GA 30322. Telephone: 404-727-9867 (V) | 404-712-2049 (TDD).

Emory University is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities upon request. To request this document in an alternate format or to request a reasonable accommodation, please contact the Department of Accessibility Services at 404-727-9877 (V) | 404-712-2049 (TDD). Please note that one week advance notice is preferred. 