Company Description
Company Description
Hi there! We’re Razorfish. We’ve been leading the marketing industry with our digital expertise since the start of the internet. But in 2020, we did a full reboot. What’s different? It all starts with people. Weird, wonderful, complex people - with diverse backgrounds in strategy, creative and technology. But no matter how different we are, we all have one thing in common. We believe our differences are our strength. So we push for inclusion, challenge convention and bring in new perspectives, to inspire new ideas. Because when we connect by understanding what makes people different, we can create unforgettable experiences that enrich lives. Join us at razorfish.com

Job Description
Job Description
Razorfish is seeking a full-time Associate of Data Analytics for our Dallas office. Candidates should be proficient in EComm/CRM KPI frameworks, reporting, insight, and analysis. Day-to-day instruments include SQL queries and Excel Pivot tables. Ability to prepare informative and actionable Powerpoint slides about findings and recommendations is desired.
Responsibilities:
Analyze CRM performance data (overall trends, open rates, clickstream, modular analysis, UX) to uncover meaningful insights and actionable recommendations
Create and maintain weekly, bi-weekly and monthly reporting
Performing basic statistical analysis, such as calculating statistical significance, distributions, etc.
Effectively communicate complex ideas to primary client contacts, both verbally and in writing

Qualifications
Qualifications
The applicant should have at least 1-2 years of work experience in a business environment, with a minimum of 12 months successfully working within an intensively client-focused model such as an external consulting or marketing services firm
Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Statistics or equivalent experience
Previous experience with writing and updating SQL queries by hand and creating Excel pivot tables.
A storyteller, be able to make sense of data and extrapolate meaningful and actionable insights
Experience in creating and delivering presentations using PowerPoint
Experience in the any or multiple areas below would be a plus:
Tracking push notifications and SMS
Basic knowledge of click stream tagging and reporting
Audience segmentation and communication (Cold, Warm and Hot audiences)
Additional Information
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. 