This is a full-time, virtual/remote position in the United States and associated time zones.

***Compensation: This position is base pay + commission so we are looking for people who are competitive, have a passion for helping students and appreciate being rewarded for their effort. If you are someone that always works harder than the people around you and finally want to be compensated for that effort we want to work with you!

The Admissions Recruiters are the first point of contact for prospective students, so we are looking for engaging, warm, enthusiastic people who will quickly create meaningful relationships. You will conduct prospective student interviews with students who set appointments and inquire through digital platforms. To qualify them for our program and then progress them through the enrollment process.

Since the Admissions Recruiter is a sales role, it requires you to be driven, self-motivated, empathetic, and have demonstrated success in meeting expectations/deadlines, providing excellent service, and multitasking.

Responsibilities

Conduct interviews and evaluate each prospective student based on his/her needs, desires, interests, qualifications, motivations, and commitments
Assisting new admissions students with the completion of the steps necessary for them to move from inquiry to acceptance
Advise and counsel the students through the Admissions process and facilitate the collection of all required Admissions documents relevant to the first term start
Live in Hubspot daily to manage your student pipelines, take notes, book appointments, email/text prospective students, and more
Exhaust all your inbound pipeline inquiries and historical lead lists to find/revive prospects and interest
Implementing daily and weekly feedback from the Management team on areas to improve
Achieving and maintaining weekly and monthly goals
Stay informed on the latest tech hiring trends and the hottest software development trends in the space
The role might be right for you if you have:
Strong recruitment, sales, and customer service skills combined with a strong work ethic and a goal-oriented, self-motivated approach toward achieving consistent results
Outstanding time management skills. In this role, you’ll be multitasking, so you’ll need to show that not only have you honed your time management skills, you also know how to prioritize competing priorities.
Clear communication skills. You can explain just about anything to anyone and you’re comfortable communicating on the phone and in writing. You’ll also need to have well developed listening skills, great follow up skills, and be comfortable helping prospective students work through concerns or roadblocks.
Self-motivation and drive to succeed. You’re going to take ownership of the time you spend with Coding Dojo students and truly make a difference by guiding students to help them achieve their goals.
High emotional intelligence. In this role, you’ll be coaching a diverse range of Coding Dojo students, each with unique circumstances. Ability to demonstrate empathy is key to success in this role.
Computer literacy. We rely on a number of digital tools to help you execute your work and keep you accountable.
Strong recruitment, sales, and customer service skills combined with a strong work ethic and a goal-oriented, self-motivated approach toward achieving consistent results

Core Competencies

Strong recruitment, sales, and customer service skills combined with a strong work ethic and a goal-oriented, self-motivated approach toward achieving consistent results
Outstanding time management skills. In this role, you’ll be multitasking, so you’ll need to show that not only have you honed your time management skills, you also know how to prioritize competing priorities
Clear communication skills. You can explain just about anything to anyone and you’re comfortable communicating on the phone and in writing. You’ll also need to have well developed listening skills, great follow up skills, and be comfortable helping prospective students work through concerns or roadblocks
Self-motivation and drive to succeed. You’re going to take ownership of the time you spend with Coding Dojo students and truly make a difference by guiding students to help them achieve their goals
High emotional intelligence. In this role, you’ll be coaching a diverse range of Coding Dojo students, each with unique circumstances. Ability to demonstrate empathy is key to success in this role
Computer literacy. We rely on a number of digital tools to help you execute your work and keep you accountable

Minimum Requirements

High school diploma or equivalent
3 years minimum in an inside sales, business development selling technical products, technical recruiting, or education recruitment role:
Experienced in CRM and lead base management skills (2 years w/HubSpot or Salesforce preferred)
Experience selling cybersecurity programs preferred
Experience working in a technology bootcamp preferred
Reliable internet connection and equipment to perform all job duties

Benefits

Competitive salary + benefits package
Diverse work culture
Healthy work/life balance (monthly “Wellness Days” off + “No Meeting” days + numerous holidays)
Be a part of the mission to diversify the tech industry

About Coding Dojo

Coding Dojo is a global education technology company that offers a three full-stack web development Bootcamp, as well as courses on Data Science and other emerging technologies. Our innovative curriculum and Learning Management System is designed to train students to become self-sufficient developers, regardless of their technical background. We also make it our mission to support underserved communities and increase diversity in the tech industry.

This position is a rare opportunity to join a rapidly growing company and make a positive impact in many people's lives. At Coding Dojo we pride ourselves on possessing a culture of execution that caters to wavemakers rather than wave riders. If you are interested in joining a diverse and dynamic team who values speed, continuous improvement, measurement, focus, accountability, and “attacking the gap”, you will feel right at home at Coding Dojo.

Coding Dojo is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Coding Dojo is committed to providing access, equal opportunity, and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. 