Professional non-internship experience with front end, web or mobile software development using JavaScript, HTML and CSS

Job summary
Front End Engineer- AMC

About the role

We are looking for an engineer who is excited about solving challenging engineering problems, has a proven track record of building web applications and has the ability to support highly available systems. In this role you will partner with product leaders and business partners to design, implement and launch new features that enable advertisers to build, manage and serve innovative ads that speak to their customers. The right candidate will possess strong technical skills, can dive deep with demonstrated experience in leading projects and is able to mentor junior team members. There is lots of opportunity for growth in this role as the team is expanding and needs engineers who are motivated to constantly improve technical strategy, operational efforts and development life cycle.

Enjoy innovating on behalf of customers, simplifying complex problems and tackling tough design challenges? Come be part of this energetic, bright, and fun-loving team!

The pay range for this position in Colorado is $93,800/yr; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon’s internal or external careers site.

#sspajobs

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us. 