MANAGER, Data Science

AOTA Culture Values:
At AOTA, we believe excellence occurs when:
Trust and respect are incorporated into decisions at all levels;
AOTA invests in its employees; and
Responsibility and accountability for work are fairly assigned.

We believe that:
Autonomy and empowerment are essential to satisfaction and productivity;
Creativity and innovation only improve projects and outcomes; and
Diversity and inclusivity are essential to success.

Employee Name: TBD
Job Family: Innovation & Engagement
Classification: Exempt
Team: Data
Grade: 7
Position No.: PN-93
Reports To: VP, Knowledge & Data Science
Date Revised:
Competency Level: Manager of Process

POSITION SUMMARY:
The Manager, Data Science, plays a central role in AOTA’s strategic planning, business development, and member engagement efforts by uncovering key insights from our data. He, she, or they are responsible for leveraging expertise by guiding internal teams to devise appropriate measurements and metrics to make data-informed decisions and drive business solutions.

POSITION SPECIFIC DUTIES:
I Identify internal and external data sources that provide business value and decision points for the association, including content, services, products, and marketing data.
Manage AOTA’s advanced data analysis process and techniques.
Leverage AOTA data to increase engagement across our members and stakeholders.
Uncover insights hidden in our vast repository of raw data and provide tactical guidance on how to act on findings.
Use data to improve the decision-making of our employees and ultimately to enhance the experience of our members and stakeholders.
Collaborate with members, project/program managers, and other teams to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound organizational decisions.
Propose innovative ways to look at AOTA business imperatives by using data mining approaches on the set of information available.
Model the AOTA culture values throughout the workplace and employ them in all interactions with peers, managers, volunteers, members, and other stakeholders.
Actively address components of workplace culture that impede organizational and individual effectiveness in a manner consistent with the organization’s values.
Proactively provide coaching, feedback, and guidance to your colleagues that demonstrates AOTA’s commitment to investing in their human capital
Embrace diversity and work proactively with peers, and senior leadership to foster an equitable and inclusive workplace.
Other duties as assigned. 