Leidos tackles the most challenging national defense problems using advanced signal processing algorithms and data analytics. At our San Diego office, we have a dedicated and experienced team of scientists and engineers devoted to squeezing the last bit of information from every data set, and we seek a candidate with an interest in algorithm research, development, and implementation, who also possesses a strong scientific curiosity and desire to learn new things. Leidos is an employee-friendly company with a strong benefits package, flexible working hours, and a collegial atmosphere. Come join our growing team!
Primary Responsibilities
Collaborate with multidisciplinary team members (Hydrodynamitists, Data Scientists, Physicists, Machine Learning Researchers, Acousticians, Mathematicians, Signal Processing Engineers, Electrical Engineers, system Engineers, and more) to develop cutting edge solutions to complex problems.
Conduct data analysis and explore various techniques/algorithms for noise reduction, detection, and characterization.
Develops and uses advanced statistical concepts, algorithms, querying and automated processes to model, integrate and evaluate complex datasets. Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations.
Will develop information tools, algorithms, and queries to monitor and improve performance. Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies.
What's in it for you?
A challenging, fast-paced work environment to solve critically important, real-world problems with unique data
Flexible work schedule to maintain work-life balance
Professional and technical development opportunities through mentoring programs and full tuition coverage for Masters and PhD programs
A research-oriented environment with a small business feel created by an accessible organizational structure
Basic Qualifications
BS degree with 4+ years of prior relevant experience, Masters with 2+ years of prior relevant experience or Doctoral degree in a scientific field such as applied math, physics, or engineering.
Must be able to obtain a Top Secret security clearance
Experience in scientific algorithm development and data analysis.
Strong analytical and mathematical skills
Fluency in MATLAB, Python, or similar high-level language
Proven track record of innovation, problem solving, and achieving technical results
Strong documentation skills
Required on-site full-time work in San Diego, CA
Preferred Qualifications
Familiarity with complex ocean/sensor physics phenomenology, detection, and characterization.
Experience programming in C/C++
Comfortable with public speaking and/or customer presentations
LInC
Pay Range:
Pay Range $74,750.00 - $115,000.00 - $155,250.00
The Leidos pay range for this job level is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include (but are not limited to) responsibilities of the job, education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity, alignment with market data, applicable bargaining agreement (if any), or other law. 