Job Description

Remote: This position does not require employee to be on-site full-time to perform most effectively. The employee's role enables them to work off-site on a permanent basis.

Do you imagine a world of zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion? We do! To reach this ambitious goal we are creating the next generation vehicle compute platform. Ultifi is transforming the way automotive software is developed and deployed, creating a ubiquitous connection with cloud and edge resources.

As a member of the SDV Data Analytics organization you will have the opportunity to work with a rich and rapidly growing dataset. The team you join will deliver key insights used to understand all aspects of our system and how it performs in the field. You will apply your experience in big data, analytics, algorithmic and/or machine learning approaches to help your team extract meaningful insights that will drive our engineering decisions.

Core Responsibilities

Build data pipelines

Manage datasets on data infrastructure platforms

Develop, execute, and manage data validation tests

Responsible for getting data to the platform

Ensures data appears in the right format and the right systems for analysts and scientists to use

Additional Job Description

Required Skills and Experience

5+ years of experience with big data technologies (such as Azure)

Experience with data pipelines (streaming and distributed storage)

Programming skills (python)
The compensation information is a good faith estimate only. It is based on what a successful Colorado applicant might be paid in accordance with Colorado law. The compensation may not be representative for positions located outside of Colorado. This position may be filled with a mid-level candidate (the median level of salary compensation for this role is $97,980).

About GM

Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.

Why Join Us

We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day - individually and collectively - to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.

Benefits Overview

The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.

Diversity Information

General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us atCareers.Accommodations@GM.com or call us at800-865-7580. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying. 