We're ALDI, one of America's favorite grocers. We've grown a lot in the past few years, expanding our reach and customer base all around the country. Whether it's in customer service or our exceptional products, we owe our success to the efficiencies we create in every corner of our company and the people at each level who make that happen.
Every year, our trucks travel millions of miles taking products from warehouse to store. Our Logistics team navigates all the challenges that comes with it. With a dedication to sustainability, you can help them find new ways to keep everything moving smoothly. As we expand, this is your chance to join a team where your hard work is guaranteed to make a difference.
In this role the Supply Chain Specialist - Data Analytics will work with Supply Chain Specialists, Supply Chain Analysts, Supply Chain Managers and other ALDI supply chain team members. The ideal candidate will have experience working collaboratively and cross functionally with ALDI USA NSCM team members in managing data sets (ETL/data mining) and communicating effectively to have an impact on our present and future projects. Advanced Excel knowledge, including at least one programming language not to be limited to VBA, R, SQL or Python is needed for this role.

Position Type: Full-Time
Work Location: Batavia, IL
This role is eligible to participate in ALDI’s Hybrid Work Program, which allows remote work up to 3 days per week (i.e., work remotely up to 3 days per week; work in-office at least 2 days per week)
Duties and Responsibilities:

Must be able to perform duties with or without reasonable accommodation.
Liaises with internal and external parties as required, maintaining positive stakeholder relationships.Supports direct leader with the implementation of the Supply Chain Management strategy.Assists with testing of new procedures and systems.Recommends process improvements for area of responsibility.Communicates effectively and professionally with divisions and external vendors.Prioritizes tasks, takes responsibility for results, and uses escalation paths if needed.Assists and provides cover for colleagues where necessary.Creates and maintains proper Key Performance Indicator (KPI) reporting.Analyzes and interprets data to recommend a proper course of action.Collaborates with team members and communicates relevant information to leadership.Upholds the security and confidentiality of documents and data within area of responsibility.Other duties as assigned.
Job Qualifications:

ALDI Acts Competencies:
Perform within ALDI Acts competencies as outlined below.
Drives for Success: Seizes opportunities and proactively takes concrete actions to complete tasks. Goes the “extra mile” and persistently overcomes obstacles to improve outputs.Focuses on the Customer: Seeks to understand underlying customer needs to create value. Drives the team to maintain focus on customers.Focuses on Quality: Takes an efficient, analytical approach to solve problems or produce outputs in an accurate and timely manner. Ensures quality and accuracy of results.Manages and Supports Projects: Effectively plans, executes and supports project needs to support management and the larger ALDI business.
Organizes and Executes with Accuracy: Leverages a systematic, efficient and organized approach while ensuring quality and accuracy of results.
Job-specific Competencies:

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities
Gives attention to detail and follows instruction.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Effective time management; maximizes productivity.Prepares written materials to meet purpose and audience.Develops and maintains positive relationships with internal and external parties.Advanced Excel knowledge, including at least one programming language not to be limited to VBA, R, SQL or Python.Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite.
Education and Experience:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Supply Chain or a related field required.A minimum of 3 years of progressive experience in Business required.Or, a combination of education and experience providing equivalent knowledge.
Physical Requirements:
Work is performed in an office environment where a computer, telephone and other office equipment are used as needed to perform duties.Regularly required to sit, reach, grasp, stand and move from one area to another.Constantly and repeatedly use keyboard/mouse.Occasionally required to push, pull, bend, lift and move up to 25 lbs.
Travel:
International & Domestic travel required.Up to 10%
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
401(k) Plan
Company 401(k) Matching Contributions
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
PerkSpot National Employee Discount Program
In addition, eligible employees are offered:
Medical, Prescription, Dental & Vision Insurance
Generous Vacation Time & 7 Paid Holidays
Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life, Dependent Life and AD&D Insurance
Voluntary Term Life Insurance
Click here to learn more about the benefits ALDI has to offer
ALDI is committed to equal opportunity for all employees and applicants. As a proud Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE), we do not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, sex, sexual stereotyping, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, mental or physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), or any other protected characteristic. Employment may be contingent upon ALDI's receipt of an acceptable and job-related drug test, motor vehicle report, and/or reference check, as applicable and permissible by law. 