About the team
Today, Zillow is where people dream about their next chapter. We’re working on turning those dreams into a reality where you can find a home, a loan, a rental, and so much more, all in one place. Can you imagine your next move being a delight, from first thought to move in date? Our team can!
We are making new promises and changing what we deliver. We’re grounding ourselves in customer insights and imagining how we can design home transactions and moving experiences that match the dream.
We believe finding, financing, buying, selling, or renting your home should be something you can do in a trusted marketplace and should be simple enough to complete transactions – on your phone!
Our B2C org is central to accomplishing this mission and delivering the Zillow promise to our customers. We take an end-to-end approach to the customer experience, and as the B2C Program team, we define the vision, strategy, and tactics to bring the desired Zillow 2.0 seamless, integrated real estate transaction experience to life.
About the role
We are seeking an experienced, highly motivated Program Manager like you to support Zillow’s market innovation programs - bringing our strongest product offerings, exceptional Zillow service, and best-in-class partners together in an integrated way. You will partner with multiple teams on cross-functional projects—requiring critical thinking, problem solving, and proficiency in data analytics and program management principles to guide teams in achieving goals. This high-impact, high-visibility role will be a key contributor to Zillow’s growth strategy in 2023 and beyond.
You Will Get To:
Provide day-to-day management of existing innovation-dedicated markets, evaluating performance vs. baseline and targets and understanding trends
Identify actionable market-level insights to improve performance, e.g., related to our partner network, service model, or product offerings
Bring performance and insights to life through data analysis and visualization
Lead the activation of new innovation-dedicated markets, quarterbacking a cross-functional working group across Sales, Partner Success, Analytics, Biz Ops, and others
Evaluate and prioritize markets for further expansion based on quantitative and qualitative factors
Gather, synthesize, and present cross-functional feedback to help inform and define areas of focus for the broader team
Define, monitor, and socialize go/no-go criteria for activating new markets
Build financial and operational models for each market and for the program as a whole, working closely with cross-functional teams to align on appropriate assumptions and targets
Provide clear, concise, and appropriate communication to senior management, business partners, and peers across the business
This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $80,900.00 - $129,200.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location. Actual amounts will vary depending on experience, performance and location.
Who you are
4+ years of relevant experience, with at least 2 years working in program management, business operations, or analytics in a fast-moving, rapidly-growing company
Strong analytical skills, including advanced Excel and SQL proficiency
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau
Strong project management skills; ability to independently manage multiple priorities, work through ambiguous problems, align business partners, and hold partners accountable for deliverables
Excellent written communication skills; demonstrated ability to share complex messages promptly and concisely to diverse audiences
Strong executive presence and verbal presentation and meeting facilitation skills
Data-oriented and hypothesis-driven; comfortable structuring tests to learn and using findings to iterate and scale programs
Experience in residential real estate, mortgages, or online marketplaces is preferred, but not required
Experience developing or managing a P&L is preferred, but not required
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience required
Proficient in Google Suite, PowerPoint and project/program management tools
Get to know us
Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.
As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list.
Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.
Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter. 