Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us. Boeing Commercial Airplanes is seeking Entry-Level Industrial Methods Process Analysts to support our operations across the Puget Sound. This is a union represented position.

The ideal candidate will utilize business acumen and knowledge to partner with cross functional teams from production operations, engineering, quality, supplier management, materials management, and program management to achieve organizational business goals and objectives.

We are looking for dynamic thinkers, problem solvers, and leaders to drive results as Boeing continues its journey to becoming a Global Industrial Champion.

Position Responsibilities:
Participates in the analysis of current and future business environment using established guidelines.
Contributes to the forecast, acquisition, and utilization plans to optimize resources in support of company initiatives and program business plans under the guidance of an experienced analyst, assists in the development and maintenance of Business System factory definition to be used for manufacturing planning.
Participates in the development of labor hour estimates for new or revised production and tooling work packages under the guidance of experienced analysts. Helps monitor performance to established labor hour estimates.
Under the guidance of experienced analysts, interacts in the development of integrated tool and production master schedules. Is introduced to the use of tool and position plan/documents, tool downtimes, rate flow plans, #1 flows, and tool sequencing plans. Under the guidance of experienced analysts and through participation, gains knowledge of process improvement methodologies and tools used to maximize the efficiency of equipment and personnel and to support company improvement initiatives.
Under guidance of experienced analyst, support efforts in the development of recovery plans including data gathering, visibility development, and monitoring status to plan.
Under the guidance of more experienced analysts, develops, implements, maintains, and statuses basic integrated shop operating plans to maximize the efficiency of equipment and personnel and to reduce inventory and meet cost and schedule commitments.

This position is expected to be 100% onsite. The selected candidate will be required to work onsite at one of the listed location options

This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):
Bachelor’s degree or higher by the end of January 2023

Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience)
Experience with Operations Management
Degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration, Business Management, Data Analytics, Marketing, Economics or Math

Typical Education/Experience:
Education/experience typically acquired through advanced education (e.g. Bachelor) or an equivalent combination of education and experience (e.g. 4 years' related work experience).

Relocation:
This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility.

Additional Verbiage:
This is a union-represented position.

Drug Free Workplace:
Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

This position is for 1st shift

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. 