Looking for a company that inspires passion, courage and creativity, where you can be on the team shaping the future of global commerce? Want to shape how millions of people buy, sell, connect, and share around the world? If you’re interested in joining a purpose driven community that is dedicated to crafting an ambitious and inclusive work environment, join eBay – a company you can be proud to be with.
About the team:
eBay is looking for a Senior Product Manager, Use Behavior Data and Product Analytics for the DAP (Data Analytics Platform) organization that is responsible for acquiring, transforming, and managing data across customer lifecycle.
If you’re obsessed about building delightful customer experience, have data in your DNA and want to drive building a self service product analytics capabilities that would empower insights to help drive differentiated and sustainable growth use cases, then you are who we are looking for.
In this role, you will need to demonstrate strong leadership, organizational and execution skills, to drive product development projects from concept to launch, and operate in a fast- paced, innovative setting.
The Core Technology (CT) team is responsible for the end-to-end eBay technology platform.
Responsibilities:
Lead a matrix team to define, evolve product strategy, and product roadmap; integrate usability studies, and market analysis.
Close partnership with engineering to understand technical trade-offs and architecture to optimally influence product design
Close partnership with internal product and domain team leaders to understand business requirements and socialize product vision with them
Bridge business and technical worlds very well, a good conceptual problem solver to articulate opportunities and solutions.
Lead in-person or virtual conversations with internal customers to understand users, priorities, and feature considerations.
Professional Characteristics:
10+ years product management experience, with 5+ years’ proven experience driving forward-thinking vision and product roadmap for data platform and insights products operating at significant scale and self-service fashion. MS degree plus MBA or related work experience required
Technical confidence. You’ll need to work with senior engineers and architects to balance product velocity and technical debt tradeoffs
Passion for data and knowledge of building product capabilities to democratize insights
Skilled in evaluating the competitive landscape, identifying compelling solutions, analyzing technologies, and assessing the importance of emerging tools and platforms
Excellent leadership and communication skills. Expect to be asking questions, listening, driving team alignment, and influencing without authority across all levels of the organization.
Deep customer empathy and curiosity that's paired with knowledge of how to capture and synthesize customer needs and support company objectives
As leader of your products, you will wear many hats: own your product roadmap, continuously measure performance and optimize for key success metrics, listen to our customers, make trade-offs, and work to elevate the customer experience and drive business value.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave, paid sabbatical, and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.
Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about eBay’s Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
#LI-JL1
#LI-Hybrid
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible. Jobs posted with location as "Remote - United States (Excludes CO, HI, NM)" excludes Colorado, Hawaii and New Mexico.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info 