As a Data and Analytics Associate within the Resource Management Group at Fisher Investments, you will provide important support to US Private Client Group Sales (US PCG) by managing, analyzing, and allocating resources to US PCG sales personnel. You will work directly with Investment Counselor (IC) Management to oversee and manage PCG IC capacity, maximize our return on investment and maintain a meritocracy.
The Opportunity:
US PCG (currently our largest segment of AUM) is a driving force behind organic growth inside our organization. The Data and Analytics Associate will better the investment universe by making resource allocation and IC assignment decisions that directly influence the continued growth of US PCG and the number of clients we help.
You will develop strong critical thinking skills, advanced auditing techniques, and qualitative/quantitative analytical skills. You will build in-depth knowledge of PCG Sales, including the sales cycle, lead allocation systems, marketing functions, lead resource channels, sales person hiring, lead management systems, IC assignment system, IC capacity, and compliance.
The Day-to-Day:
Use data to manage, analyze, and distribute lead flow to US PCG Sales personnel based on an assigned territory
Assist US PCG Sales management with overseeing the lead assignment and allocation process for the salesforce
Provide operational support for all Sales systems and Sales-related processes
Manage, reconcile, and audit the Sales and Funding boards
Create and assign non-marketing generated prospects
Work on projects to develop and improve current procedures and processes
Help with new hire setup and training for Sales roles
Assign ICs to US clients and manage PCG IC capacity
Your Qualifications:
1+ years of experience in Data Analytics; Bachelor's degree in Economics, Business, Mathematics, Science or equivalent combination of education/experience
Experience analyzing large datasets
Proficiency in the following software packages: MS Excel and MS Access
Ability to translate quantitative findings into business decisions
Why Fisher Investments:
At Fisher Investments, we work for a bigger purpose: bettering the investment universe. From unmatched service to unique perspectives on investing, it's the people that make the Fisher purpose possible. And we invest in them by offering exceptional benefits like:
100% paid medical, dental and vision premiums for you and your qualifying dependents
A 50% 401(k) match, up to the IRS maximum
20 days of PTO*, plus 9 paid holidays
8 weeks paid Primary Caregiver Parental Leave
Back-up Child Care Program available, offering up to 10 days annually
A cumulative learning and development framework customized for every employee
An award-winning work environment - we're Great Place to Work Certified, and Top Workplace winners from The Oregonian
We take great pride in our inclusive culture. We value the different perspectives and unique skills you bring to the team – it makes us all better. Success at Fisher Investments is motivated by results, a collaborative mindset and a commitment to accomplishing great things – so if you are ready to do that, we are ready for you! Apply today to be a part of a team environment where you make a difference in the lives of people by bettering the investment universe.
California employees accrue up to 17 days of PTO and 3 days of sick time per year.
FISHER INVESTMENTS IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 