Position Purpose:
The Senior Analyst Decision Analytics position assists in the development of advanced analytics to support the company's strategic objectives. The role works cross-functionally with business partners from Merchandising, Finance, Operations, Supply Chain, Online and IT to design and implement decision analytics, tools, and new visibility/reporting capabilities. This role has responsibility for creating analytics, translating business questions to actionable insights, supporting ongoing analytical needs, designing new analytical tools, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver high quality analytical solutions for The Home Depot. This role is expected to leverage effective communication skills to translate complex analyses into understandable insights, with a passion to learn and develop.

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:

15%- Collaborate with stakeholders, business partners, colleagues, developers, and business analysts to deliver high quality analytics solutions
65%- Data analytics with large volumes of data, using a wide variety of database applications / analytical tools including SQL, SAS, R, and python
10%- Data cleansing, validation, testing
5%- Enhancements / modifications to systems & procedures
5%- Supporting end users, problem solving, troubleshooting
Nature and Scope:
Reports to a Manager.
This position has no direct reports.

Environmental Job Requirements:
Environment:
1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Travel:
Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.

Standard Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

Education Required:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
2 years

Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Preferred Qualifications:

Master's degree in Analytics, Finance, or Information Systems or related field is preferred
Two to four years of experience in analytics is preferred
Experience in SQL, SAS, Tableau, R, python and similar tools preferred
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:

Oral and written communication skills
Deep analytical and problem solving skills required
Ability to manage multiple projects and work in a fast-paced environment

Pay Rate: - 