Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Boeing Commercial Airplanes is seeking Methods Process Analysts (Level 2 - 4) to support our team in North Charleston, SC, USA.

The ideal candidate will utilize industrial engineering concepts, manufacturing operations knowledge and business acumen to partner with cross functional teams from production operations, engineering, quality, supplier management, materials management, and program management to achieve organizational business goals and objectives. We are looking for dynamic thinkers, problem solvers, and leaders to drive results as Boeing continues its journey to becoming a Global Industrial Champion!

This position is expected to be 100% onsite. The selected candidate will be required to work onsite at one of the listed location options.

Position Responsibilities
Makes use of and applies job practices, techniques, standards, principles, and concepts.
Develops solutions to a variety of problems of moderate scope and complexity.
Refers to policies, procedures, and practices for guidance.
Develops models, data bases and/or spreadsheets to analyze data and provides summary analysis and metrics for consultation to customers (e.g., management, departments, suppliers).
Assists in the identification and implementation of process improvements by analyzing current processes and utilizing established improvement methodologies to maximize the efficiency of equipment and personnel and to support company improvement initiatives.
Contributes to the completion of organizational projects and goals. Errors in judgment or failure to achieve results may result in the allocation of additional resources.
Interacts primarily with internal personnel and external customers.
Represents the organization on specific projects

Skills and Experience

Basic Qualifications (Required):
1+ years of experience in Data Analytics
1+ years of experience in Continuous Improvement

Preferred Qualifications (Desired):
Experience working with System Engineers
Ability to work and preform within an Industrial team environment
Leadership (formal/informal)

Typical Education:
Bachelor's degree and typically 3 or more years’ related work experience, a Master’s degree and typically 1 or more years’ related work experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R. § 120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee.

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. 