At Edward Jones, we help clients achieve their serious, long-term financial goals by understanding their needs and implementing tailored solutions. To ensure a personal client experience, we have located our 15,000+ branch offices where our more than 7 million clients live and work.

In a typical branch office, a financial advisor meets with clients and receives branch office support, so they can focus on building deep relationships with clients. Headquarters associates in St. Louis, Tempe and Mississauga provide support and expertise to help U.S. and Canada branch teams deliver an ideal client experience. We continue to grow to meet the needs of long-term individual investors.
Analytics Enablement


"Enabling analytics and reporting solutions across the firm"


Firm Analytics partners with business areas to provide analytical insights for firm decision making and strategic planning. The Analytics Enablement team drives engagement and connection within the firm's analytics community. The team partners with leaders across the firm to incorporate analytic roles into their organizations and to ensure their teams are set up for success to accomplish their data & analytics objectives. The team focuses on providing a positive user experience with the Analytics COE and Analytics product portfolio.

Strategy Analyst III


The Strategy Analyst III partners with firm leaders to empower their teams to integrate analytics into business decisions, support the increased use of data-driven decision making, and execute best in class analytics within their areas of focus. The Strategy Analyst III is a business-facing role where you will utilize your technical background to develop and implement tailored solutions to achieve business outcomes.


Responsibility Summary:
Develop and manage strategic relationships with senior leaders across the organization.
Understand stakeholders' needs and business outcomes they are working to achieve and how data and analytics can support those outcomes. Ensure they understand the trade-offs between various approaches.
Create tailored solutions that enable stakeholders to execute their own reporting and descriptive analytics; these solutions will balance the immediate business needs with the future state data and analytics capabilities being developed at the firm.
Partner with subject matter experts on data architecture, engineering, analytics, visualization, and reporting and others to ensure the solution meets the needs of the stakeholders.
Develop and own the implementation plan from discovery through adoption.
Work effectively in a matrixed analytics organization. Identify and coordinate resources (people, systems, tools) not in your chain of command.
Position Qualifications:


Education
Bachelors degree in Business, Economics, Data Science or Analytics, Information Systems
Relevant work experience will be considered.
MBA or advanced degree is preferred.

Experience
7+ years work experience preferred in Analytics, Business Intelligence or related fields.
Product Management experience preferred.
Financial Services industry experience is a plus.
Functional/Technical Qualifications
Intermediate understanding of and ability to identify opportunities to apply advanced analytical techniques and the data structure(s) needed to complete those techniques.
Possess or develop intermediate understanding of the firm's analytics and business intelligence tools.
Ability to navigate the firm, build relationships and communicate effectively with key stakeholders.
Aptitude for translating complex concepts, appropriately communicating the information to both technical and non-technical audiences, from analysts executing the work up to senior leaders making firm-level strategic decisions.
Strong communication skills with a customer-oriented approach.
Desire and ability to stay current with industry trends.
Intermediate story-telling and presentation skills.

Persons requiring sponsorship for an employment visa are ineligible for this position
2021 FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For® By Great Place to Work® and FORTUNE Magazine – Edward Jones was named No. 20 on the list.
From FORTUNE ©2021 FORTUNE Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. FORTUNE and FORTUNE 100 Best Companies to Work For are registered trademarks of Fortune Media IP Limited and are used under license. FORTUNE and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, Edward Jones Investments.
2021 Corporate Equality Index – Edward Jones joins the ranks of 767 major U.S. businesses that received top marks in the Foundation’s 19th annual scorecard on LGBTQ workplace equality.
From The Human Rights Campaign. All Rights Reserved
2021 Training Top 100 list - Edward Jones ranked No. 19, up six spots from last year in its 21st consecutive year on this prestigious list.
J.D. Power, 2021 – Edward Jones has ranked "highest in Employee Advisor Satisfaction among Financial Investment Firms" in the J.D. Power 2021 U.S. Financial Advisor Satisfaction Study.
Edward Jones received the highest score among employee advisors in the J.D. Power 2007,2008, 2010, 2012-2015, 2017-2021 Financial Advisor Satisfaction Studies of employee advisors’ satisfaction among those who are employed by an investment services firm. Visit jdpower.com/awards for more information.
Edward Jones does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, religion, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, pregnancy, veteran status, genetic information or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
At Edward Jones, we value and respect our associates and their contributions, and we recognize individual efforts through a rewards program that promotes a long-term career, financial security and well-being. Visit our career site to learn more about our total compensation approach, which in addition to base salary, typically includes benefits, bonuses and profit sharing. The salary range for this role is based on national data and actual pay is based on skills, experience, education, and other relevant factors for a potential new associate:
Salary: $90628 - $154313
Category: Headquarters 