Looking for a company that inspires passion, courage and creativity, where you can be on the team shaping the future of global commerce? Want to shape how millions of people buy, sell, connect, and share around the world? If you’re interested in joining a purpose driven community that is dedicated to crafting an ambitious and inclusive work environment, join eBay – a company you can be proud to be with.
Director, Sneakers
eBay Inc. is a global commerce leader that connects millions of buyers and sellers around the world. We exist to enable economic opportunity for individuals, entrepreneurs, businesses and organizations of all sizes. eBay Marketplaces operates in 190 markets around the world.
About the team:
We play an instrumental role in connecting people with the things they need and love, anytime, anywhere. The Americas help deliver a personalized shopping experience and seamless access to inventory from down the street and around the world, as well as tailored shopping experiences, including customized buying and selling. eBay seeks to drive growth into new markets and drive value in the shopping and selling experience through “building, accelerating, and disrupting.” The team is comprised of marketing, merchandising, operations, business selling, consumer selling, and shipping. Our responsibilities include all aspects of the region including operations in the US, Canada and Latin America.
We are looking for a Director of Sneakers to join our team at eBay. In this role you will be the business lead of the Sneakers category management and play in integral role in determining the strategic initiatives that will position the Sneakers category for ongoing success. If you have a passion for or experience in the Sneakers sector, and a background in strategy, digital commerce, and are a strong team leader, we would love to hear from you!
The Opportunity
The role is to define and drive the Sneakers strategy to promote eBay’s value proposition with Sneakers buyers and sellers. Working with internal and external partners, you will be the hub that connects multiple initiatives to bring new and pre-owned Sneakers into the lives of eBay buyers and sellers throughout the world.
The Director of Sneakers will be a strategic and operational leader responsible for driving category growth and owning the end-to-end buying and selling experience. This includes optimizing marketing and onsite merchandising, attracting and retaining key inventory / supply, and developing integrated solutions and services for buyers and sellers. This role will execute the P&L with the help of a large, cross functional team. The ideal candidate is a strategic thinker and seasoned operator who understands the dynamics of two-sided marketplaces, operates with strong accountability, collaborates well with cross-functional partners, and always considers the needs of our customers.
This role will be located in San Jose, Austin, Portland ,or New York.
Key Responsibilities:
Deliver on customer and financial metrics for the category, including buyer and seller funnels
Assess potential M&A opportunities and lead integration efforts
Understand the unique dynamics of the Sneakers market
Drive progress against milestones for key strategic initiatives
Partner closely and communicate frequently with top sellers to ensure seller success
Analyze, diagnose and effectively problem-solve challenges that arise for our customers
Lead marketing, supply, and buyer experience plan development and day-to-day execution
Build and execute critical buyer and seller solutions to drive growth
Create alignment with other eBay categories, other eBay teams, and global initiative
Qualifications
Passion for operating ecommerce businesses and/or two-sided marketplaces
Track record of success defining strategies, implementing operating plans, and leading teams
Strong cross-functional partner with experience leading through influence
Executive level verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to tell a compelling story backed by data
High degree of ownership, strong project management skills, and commitment to results
Data-driven approach to planning and decision making. Comfortable and hands-on with data, analytics, and modeling
Organized problem solver who balances attention to detail with efficiency
Ambition to grow professionally and willingness to work hard, learn/adapt, and provide feedback both upward and to peer teams
Willingness to engage with customers directly, and a strong desire to help eBay win!
Requirements
10+ years of experience in an online marketplace, digital platform, or related e-commerce business
5+ years of responsibility for P&L and/or revenue goals
Experience in or deep understanding of B2B commerce environment
Interest and/or experience in Sneakers a plus, but not required
BA/BS required, MBA or similar graduate degree preferred but not required
Benefits:
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave, paid sabbatical, and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.
Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about eBay’s Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
#LI-AK1
#LI-Hybrid
eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible. Jobs posted with location as "Remote - United States (Excludes CO, HI, NM)" excludes Colorado, Hawaii and New Mexico.
For more information see: EEO is the Law Poster and EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies
View our privacy policy and accessibility info 