Our distribution client seeks a business/data analyst to join their growing team! Individuals with some exposure to data entry, data flow analysis and project management would be ideal. Candidates must be able to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization in both verbal and written form. Bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance or business administration preferred, but not required with 1+ years of experience or an internship.

If you are a new grad in Information Technology or Data Analytics and seek to get your foot in the door with a growing company OR if you have some data analysis/entry experience and are not degreed, this might be the opportunity to consider. Please get in touch with Stephanie Shine on Linkedin for direct confidential conversation or call 501-710-4654 to obtain my email address to send a word version of your resume for consideration. Only local Central Arkansas applicants will be considered.

Duties Include;
Assisting with planning, implementation, improvement, monitoring and support of business information systems across multiple departments
Ensuring that business data and reporting needs are met
Developing and monitoring data quality metrics
Organizing and formatting reports for distribution

Manage Special Projects, Mathematical Calculations, Data Analysis, Data Analytics, Documentation, Data Collection

Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles.

Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, instant notifications for AI-matched jobs, and more.

Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.5461. Robert Half will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information.

© 2022 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use . 