The world isn’t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We’re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers’ evolving needs. That’s why now is an exciting time to join our team. You’ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good.
You’ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards – a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities.
Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose: to protect people from life’s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For more than 89 years we’ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever’s coming next – to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We’ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don’t follow the trends. We set them. Job Header: Job Code: 70024655
Band: C2
FLSA: Exempt Job Summary: The Data Analytics Senior Consultant II is responsible for leveraging data and analytics to answer complex questions and influence business strategy through communication of findings to senior management. The position is also responsible for developing standards of practice around data retrieval, data manipulation, data reporting and data analytics as well as coaching and developing less experienced analysts. Key Responsibilities: • Compiles, cleans, organizes and analyzes complex data to understand business results

Establishes, modifies, documents and communicates standards of practice around data retrieval, data manipulation, data quality, data reporting and data analytics
Utilizes data and analytics expertise to coach and develop less experienced analysts
Makes the business insights derived from data and analytics accessible to those without technical skills
Provides technical expertise
Monitors and evaluates business initiatives against key performance indicators and communicates results and recommendations to management
Communicates and presents project information to team and provides presentations/updates to management
Influences strategy through data and analytics Supervisory Responsibilities: This job does have supervisory duties. Education and Experience: • Bachelor's Degree in Math, Statistics, Finance, Business, Economics, IT or related field preferred, or equivalent experience
3 years of data and analytics experience
2 years of insurance experience preferred Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: • None Functional Skills: • Advanced analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience in different programming languages such as SQL and R
General insurance knowledge
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal
Experience working with Big Data Notes: The preceding description is not designed to be a complete list of all duties and responsibilities. May be required to perform other related duties as assigned. Regular, predictable attendance is an essential function of this job.

Compensation offered for this role is $67,300.00-$113,875.00 per year and is based on experience and qualifications.
The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.
Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.
As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy. For a full description of Allstate’s benefits, visit allstate.jobs/benefits/
Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter , Facebook , Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video .
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click “ here ” for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click “ here ” for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “ here ”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs

To view the FMLA poster, click “ here ”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.

It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment. 