About the team
Zillow's Experimentation Platform (ZEXP) team strives to enable and accelerate innovation across Zillow Group by empowering any person, no matter their role, to drive impact through innovation and learning with trustworthy, self-service experimentation.


We are a team of data, machine learning, and experimentation specialized engineers and applied scientists building an experimentation analysis platform, and driving growth in Zillow's data driven culture. We are members of the AI Platforms & Valuation team, within the Data, Analytics & AI (DA&AI) organization.
About the role
ZEXP is hiring a Software Development Engineer (SDE) - Big Data to help us advance our mission to help our product and marketing teams run experiments faster, with improving methods, with more quality controls, and at a lower cost, to generate more impact and innovation.
In this role, you will invent, prototype, build, and iterate on tools to higher velocity measurement and innovation. We're building a world class experimentation platform to support our experimentation culture and power innovation in our Housing Super-App.
Together we'll enable scientists across Zillow to iterate, test, and quickly ship improvements to production, supported by low-effort customer and performance impact measurement and guardrails.
This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $129,400.00 - $206,600.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location. Actual amounts will vary depending on experience, performance and location.
Who you are
You are a roll-up-the-sleeves and get-it-done engineer with a deep understanding of petabyte scale distributed systems for data. You have experience quickly and efficiently processing data for scientific applications in experimentation, causal inference, statistics, applied econometrics or machine learning.
Requirements
Proficiency with a high-level programming language (we use Python and PySpark)
Proficiency with implementation, debugging, and optimization of data applications on distributed systems for data computation (we Spark on Kubernetes)
Proficiency with cloud architecture for data applications (we use AWS)
The communication skills to influence, collaborate with, and educate others (whom you may need to educate on methods and requirements in data development concepts and techniques).
Experience prototyping, developing, and implementing algorithmic solutions and new technologies with billions of rows of daily data.
The tenacity to embrace and tackle challenging problems
Preferred
Experience with frontend single-page app (SPA) frameworks like Vue, React, or Angular for creating self-service applications (for example, a user interface to support metric authoring, experiment configuration, or for viewing job status and reruns)
Experience establishing standards and educating technical and non-technical stakeholders on meeting those standards.
Practical knowledge of statistics (for example, causal inference, Frequentist or Bayesian inference)
Experience with scientific applications, for example, online or field experimentation.
An advanced degree in Statistics, Economics, Causal Inference, Computer Science or Engineering, Machine Learning, or related field or years of equivalent industry experience.
Transferable Skills
Here at Zillow - we value the experience and perspective of candidates with non-traditional backgrounds. We encourage you to apply and share transferable skills or related experiences.
Get to know us
Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.
As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list.
Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.
Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter. 