Summary
Posted: Apr 25, 2022
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:200367684
The Apple Media Products (AMP) Engineering team is one of the most exciting examples of Apple’s long-held passion for combining art and technology. These are the people who power the App Store, Apple TV, Apple Music, Apple Podcasts, and Apple Books. And they do it at a massive scale, meeting Apple’s high expectations with dedication to deliver a variety of entertainment in over 35 languages to more than 150 countries. Do you have a passion for data and how it can be used to improve customer experience, protect user privacy, make products better, and increase revenue for a business? Do you thrive working with data engineers, data scientist and project managers in an agile, distributed and project focused work environment? If so, join us! Apple is seeking an experienced data analyst to work on an exciting set of problems unique to AMP. You will help find interesting data trends, identify root causes, and help transform up-and-coming ideas to products and systems. You will do so in an environment that highly values collaboration, mentoring and continuous learning.
Key Qualifications
3+ years in an analytics or data engineering role
Strong background in data analytics, proficient in SQL
Experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau, GGplot etc.
Fundamental understanding of statistical analysis, forecasting and modeling
Experience in coding for automation (e.g. Scala, Python, R, Java etc.)
Familiarity with writing data pipelines using one or more big data technologies (e.g. Spark, Hive, Trino, Flink, Airflow etc.)
Familiarity with modern cloud technologies such as Kubernetes
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Description
Dive deep into large-scale data to uncover trends and identify key insights Build and automate dashboards used to present key insights to partners Partner with data engineers and project managers to conduct data investigation analysis Collaborate with researchers and machine learning engineers for building data science and machine learning solutions Facilitate technical and business discussion to determine what is the right technical direction to tackle business problems
Education & Experience
Bachelors or higher degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Operations Research or a related field).
Additional Requirements 