We are helping a Birmingham, AL client in their search for a Data Analytics Manager. This position is responsible for managing the BI team in the design, development, testing, implementation and support of mission-critical enterprise business intelligence reports and dashboards for the organization.
*C2C is not an option with this job opening and all applicants should be able to work for any US Employer without sponsorship*


What you’ll be doing (duties of this position):
Oversee development of strategy for reporting and analytics.
Provide business analyses and/or develop new processes and procedures for extracting meaningful and relevant data out of internal systems.
Participate in business analysis activities to gather dashboard requirements.
3+ years of experience with SQL, SSRS, SSIS, Power BI, etc.
Identify, analyze and interpret trends in complex customer data sets.
Ensure proper configuration management and change controls are implemented.
Provide technical assistance and cross training to other team members.

What you’ll need to be considered (requirements):
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.
Experience leading teams in the design, development, testing, deployment and support of MS BI stack (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS, Power BI).
Experience with scripting and ETL, data modeling, and working with large data sets.
Communication, Written - Ability to communicate in writing clearly and concisely.
Customer Oriented - Ability to take care of the customers' needs while following company procedures.
Decision Making - Ability to make critical decisions while following company procedures..
Management Skills - Ability to organize and direct oneself and effectively supervise others.
Problem Solving - Ability to find a solution for or to deal proactively with work-related problems.
Relationship Building - Ability to effectively build relationships with customers and co-workers.
Working Under Pressure - Ability to complete assigned tasks under stressful situations.
Ability to work effectively with individuals at all levels of an organization.

#INDIT 