Summary
Posted: May 27, 2022
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:200349577
At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. If you are a self-motivated, high-energy individual who is not afraid of challenges, we’re looking for you! Apple Media Products (AMP) is an exciting environment and a dynamic development organization. With customers around the world, we are a fast-growing marketplace for music, movies, TV shows, books, podcasts, and, of course, apps. AMP Production Operations team provides unified content operations support and services across all content teams and finds value for both Apple and its Customers by ensuring extraordinary quality and discoverability of content and its metadata. We are looking for a passionate and highly motivated Data Engineer to join our team who will play an integral role in ensuring content operations and metadata health. You will support Apple Media Products growth, both top and bottom line, by applying the same level of innovation towards content matters as we do towards our products and services. As members of AMP Operations Analytics team, we analyze Big Data across customer and content provider touch points in order to develop critical metrics and deep insights to measure coverage and quality that helps drive strategy for content discoverability through metadata. We collaborate deeply with partners across Business, Product, Engineering, Content Curation and Data Engineering teams. You will use your ability to see beyond the data and help translate information into impactful business insights and work to identify, evaluate and prioritize operational improvements. A solid background in operational fundamentals is a requirement but you have more. You take ownership and feel a personal stake in the products we ship. Our team values integrity, and where there is uncertainty, we strive to bring order. As a key member of the team, you keep your eye on the ball, use good judgement, build positive relationships and are constantly looking to improve yourself and the team. Join us, and you’ll have a meaningful role in continuing Apple’s legacy of efficiency and success!
Key Qualifications
7 + years of experience working in Bigdata technologies, pipelines, data processing, and reporting.
Experience with NoSQL datastores like Cassandra, Elasticsearch, HBase, MongoDB.
Expert-level SQL is required and programming experience using R/Python/Scala within Spark/Hive.
Experience with NoSQL datastores like Cassandra, Elasticsearch, HBase, MongoDB.
Proven skills in designing, tuning & optimizing scalable, highly available distributed systems which can handle high data volumes.
Good understanding of software engineering principles and fundamentals including data structures and algorithms.
Good data modelling experience to address scale and read/write performance.
Excellent written and oral communication skills on both technical and non-technical topics.
Excellent general analytical & problem solving skills.
Self-starter who is dedicated and demonstrates creative and critical thinking abilities.
A strong business approach including developing and exercising multi-functional influence.
Ability to translate nuanced analysis and technical concepts into clear and concise takeaways for business leaders.
Good understanding of large-scale content management systems and data modeling is preferred.
Expert-level competency working with large volumes of data while realizing limitations of small samples.
Aptitude for synthesizing complex data into key components that drive informed decisions.
Proficiency with data systems, automation tools, and web-based data visualization tools such as Tableau for full-stack data analysis, insights synthesis and presentation is required.
Description
In this role, you will regularly balance AMP Storefront and Production Operations analytics projects and initiatives. This role is integral to Operations and will be valuable in driving insights to teams across AMP, and drive an impact to content operational processes and product direction. Drive and ship large, multi-functional Business data analytics and data services projects including infrastructure and platform features to support analytics and reporting for AMP Production Operations. Lead all aspects of multiple concurrent projects and features including scope, requirements, timelines, partner management, communications, and risk assessments. Lead effort to build scalable, distributed and highly available systems and pipelines. Collaborate multi-functionally with AMP Content Teams, Product Management, Engineering, Analytics, Legal, Privacy and other organizations to manage analytics tools and pipelines to support new Apple Media Product features and reporting. Work with these teams as a thought partner to understand product/feature implementations. Take a role in improving how features are built and executed on the data analytics, data services and infrastructure teams. Partner with other organizations on data gathering, data governance, redefining data with reporting tools and evangelizing critical metrics. Deep dive into large-scale data to identify key insights and critical metrics that help steer content operations strategy and deliver meaningful and measurable findings that create business value. Help unearth key content metadata trends based on content discovery and usage data. Provide valuable insights, to implement investigations with short-term and long term workable solutions.
Education & Experience
BS / MS in technical field (math, statistics, engineering, computer science, analytics, or similar) 7+ years proven track record in the digital media or technology industry
Additional Requirements
Location options include: Culver City, Austin, New York, and Seattle 