***Position can be based anywhere in the US and is 100% work from home***

As a Senior Talent Acquisition Partner or Senior Recruiter you will support the Analytics and Data Team and function as a high-level recruiting strategist. You will perform all the duties of a Talent Acquisition Partner, (Recruiter) including but not limited to handling full life-cycle recruiting for open requisitions assigned to you, partnering with hiring leaders and HRBP’s, meeting the goals and metrics for the team, partnering closely with the TA Sourcer and any agencies working on positions and running your day-to-day priorities.


The Senior TA Partner will be assigned one of the following profiles to recruit for: Analytics, Engineering or Data. Roles will vary from individual contributor to Director. At time you may be asked to flex between profiles and roles based on the total team's workload. The analytics team support most of the businesses within in CVS Health (retail, PBM, corporate, pharmacy, Aetna, etc.) and you will need to flex and learn these different areas of the business in order to search for and select the most qualified individuals. This role is going to be working across business units, so you must be willing to learn and participate in new and evolving business areas. You will plan and execute on project teams to proactively recruit with comprehensive and leading-edge recruiting and sourcing techniques. Be a knowledgeable subject matter expert within TA and the businesses you support, being sought out as the trusted advisor on the team.


Partner with the business to design, build, execute, and measure a strategic recruiting plan to attract the world’s best talent.


Use data to solve problems in all areas of recruiting and define success, translate metrics into usable insights for stakeholders.


Improve processes and efficiencies and champion innovative talent acquisition ideas with regards to top of funnel activity and high-fidelity throughput.


Ensure an exceptional candidate and hiring leader experience through proactive communication and timely feedback, as well as interviewer preparedness and effective interview formatting.


Foster an environment of knowledge sharing, collaboration, and continued learning where the status quo is questioned and ideas for improvement are championed and continually explored.


Attend regular calls/meetings with the TA team, business leaders and/or HRBP’s.

Pay Range
The typical pay range for this role is:
Minimum: 60,300
Maximum: 126,600

Please keep in mind that this range represents the pay range for all positions in the job grade within which this position falls. The actual salary offer will take into account a wide range of factors, including location.

Required Qualifications
4+ years of experience in a fast-paced, full life cycle recruiting department or agency

Preferred Qualifications
Data science, data engineering and analytics recruiting experience is strongly preferredExceptional written and verbal communication skills

Education
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience

Business Overview
Bring your heart to CVS Health
Every one of us at CVS Health shares a single, clear purpose: Bringing our heart to every moment of your health. This purpose guides our commitment to deliver enhanced human-centric health care for a rapidly changing world. Anchored in our brand — with heart at its center — our purpose sends a personal message that how we deliver our services is just as important as what we deliver.

Our Heart At Work Behaviors™ support this purpose. We want everyone who works at CVS Health to feel empowered by the role they play in transforming our culture and accelerating our ability to innovate and deliver solutions to make health care more personal, convenient and affordable.

We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day.

CVS Health is an affirmative action employer, and is an equal opportunity employer, as are the physician-owned businesses for which CVS Health provides management services. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, promotion, or any other personnel action based on race, ethnicity, color, national origin, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 