At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors.
Job Description
Responsible for working on data/analytics projects that gather and integrate large volumes of data, performs analysis, interprets results, and develops actionable insights and recommendations for use across the company. Incorporates data from multiple sources with the use of Business Intelligence tools such as Business Objects, Power BI and Tableau to tell stories through data that help various business lines make decisions. Experience in pulling raw data through SQL is essential. Collaborates with peers and business line partners and acts as a liaison between technology and the business line. Seeks to understand a specific business need and offers technical solutions that help make business decisions. Needs effective communication, analytical and critical thinking, technical and problem-solving skills. Ensures that all data acquisition, sharing and results are compliant with company standards.
Basic Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent work experience
Four to five years of statistical and/or data analytics experience

Preferred Skills/Experience
Working knowledge of business intelligence, analytics and statistical software such as Alteryx, Power BI, SQL, Business Objects and others to perform analysis and interpret data

Strong analytic skills with the ability to extract, collect, organize, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Demonstrated project management skills
Effective interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills
If there’s anything we can do to accommodate a disability during any portion of the application or hiring process, please refer to our disability accommodations for applicants .
Benefits:

Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits. We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve. That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family.
Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting careers.usbank.com .
EEO is the Law

Applicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law poster.
E-Verify
U.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program .
Due to legal requirements, U.S. Bank requires that the successful candidate hired for some positions be fully-vaccinated for COVID-19, absent being granted an accommodation due to a medical condition, pregnancy, or sincerely held religious belief or other legally required exemption. For these positions, as part of the conditional offer of employment, the successful candidate will be asked to provide proof of vaccination or approval for an accommodation or exemption upon hire. 