We’ll Cut to the chase: Are you interested in joining a solid, fast-growing software development company specializing in Web, Mobile, Cloud, and Data Analytics?
As an RTS ScrumMaster, you will:
Encourage Scrum Team autonomy through various facilitation techniques
Remove team based & organizational impediments
Lead, train, and coach the team in its Scrum adoption
Act as a change agent to enable a culture in which Scrum teams can flourish
Encourage lean thinking and challenge team to be mindful of waste
Successfully mentor and advise team members to promote continuous improvement
Empower the Scrum Team to self-form while embracing mastery & purpose
Demonstrate breadth and depth of practical experience with the Agile methodology
Discourage agile anti patterns to maintain a psychologically safe space
Here’s what we’re looking for:
You thrive in a setting with a variety of teams, clients, and projects
You're comfortable working with multiple scrum teams at a time
You’ve taken part in Agile transformation or application of Agile methodology on software development projects
You have a growth mindset and a great attitude
You’re an experienced problem solver that can address and communicate team dynamics and process issues internally and externally (with clients)
Develop trust within a team to foster open and honest feedback loops to drive continuous improvement
Who are We? RTS & Our Culture:
We are a solid, fast-growing software development company specializing in Web, Mobile, Data Analytics, Salesforce and Big Data. We have plenty of room for magic, enthusiasm and personal growth. Your ideas will be encouraged, and you will have the power to shape the direction of RTS Labs.
At RTS, we offer a hard-working, but casual workplace with few meetings, sincere camaraderie and functional creativity. There are no closed doors, no rigid office hours and no space for big egos.
We develop great solutions to solve each of our client’s problems, but we also build great relationships with our clients. We are straightforward and honest at all times. We work hard as a team, but we also play hard as a team. We offer competitive salaries based on experience and benefits including 401(k), health, vision, and life insurance, and short-term disability.
You’ll find yourself in a great place to work with the resources and support you need to find a long term career fit.
Do you prefer Mac or PC? Either way, you get to choose with us
40 hours a year for professional development to use how you choose
Flexible PTO
Company values that we actually implement (https://rtslabs.com/culture/)
Family first approach, no micro-management
RTS Labs is committed to providing a safe and inclusive environment for all employees, contractors, vendors, and clients; where all people are honored and respected, and differences are celebrated. Proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer, RTS Labs does not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as an individual with a disability. 