Who You’ll Work With

As a Data & Analytics Leader, you will define and improve the way our clients leverage data to achieve strategic objectives. You will work directly with executive level clients and your Slalom teammates to define modern data and analytic strategies. You will leverage data strategy frameworks, develop key strategic recommendations, and build actionable solution roadmaps. You will create transformational change for clients through expertise in modern technology stacks, new ways of working, data governance, and change management.

We believe successful data strategies must promote a modern culture of data encouraging cross-functional strategic data use while recognizing the value of data as a key differentiator and competitive advantage.

What You’ll Do
Develop data strategy frameworks and implementation recommendations to improve execution against strategic objectives and key goals
Conduct assessments to define data strategy and technical maturity, identify gaps, and provide recommendations for improvement
Contribute to creation of actionable capability and solution roadmaps, including –
Modern data architecture definition and implementation
Modern analytics enablement
KPI development and use case definition
Data governance enablement / implementation
Master data management (MDM)
Technology vendor selection
Own one or more workstreams within a cross-functional team to deliver client data roadmaps and guide clients through transformational initiatives
What You’ll Bring
Understand modern data strategy and analytics landscape (including data architecture, technology, process, governance, and change management) and discuss strengths and weaknesses of various technical approaches to inform client decision-making
Experience conducting research and synthesizing inputs via interviews and technical assessments across client stakeholders ranging from executive leadership to technical SMEs
Experience as a data manager or product owner
Experience analyzing complex datasets, technical architectures, and data-related products to improve strategic outcomes
Understand data privacy and security framework guidelines to ensure clients comply with all applicable regulations (e.g., HIPAA, GDPR)
Understand the importance of organization culture and change management in implementation of successful data strategy projects
Enjoy working with clients in fast-paced environments containing complex stakeholder relationships and are comfortable with ambiguity.
About Us
Slalom is a modern consulting firm focused on strategy, technology, and business transformation. In 39 markets around the world, Slalom's teams have autonomy to move fast and do what's right. They are backed by regional innovation hubs, a global culture of collaboration, and partnerships with the world's top technology providers. Founded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, Slalom has organically grown to over 8,000 employees. Slalom has been named one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For five years running and is regularly recognized by employees as a best place to work. Learn more at slalom.com.

Slalom prides itself on helping team members thrive in their work and life. As a result, Slalom is proud to invest in benefits that include: meaningful time off and paid holidays, parental leave, 401(k) with a match, a range of choices for highly subsidized health, dental, & vision coverage, adoption and fertility assistance, and short/long-term disability. We also offer additional benefits such as a yearly $350 reimbursement account for any well-being related expenses as well as discounted home, auto, and pet insurance.

Slalom is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, protected veterans status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws, and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. 