Coupa Software (NASDAQ: COUP), a leader in business spend management (BSM), has been certified as a “Great Place to Work” by the Great Place to Work organization. We deliver “Value as a Service” by helping our customers maximize their spend under management, achieve significant cost savings and drive profitability. Coupa provides a unified, cloud-based spend management platform that connects hundreds of organizations representing the Americas, EMEA, and APAC with millions of suppliers globally. The Coupa platform provides greater visibility into and control over how companies spend money. Customers – small, medium and large – have used the Coupa platform to bring billions of dollars in cumulative spend under management. Learn more at www.coupa.com. Read more on the Coupa Blog or follow @Coupa on Twitter.
Do you want to work for Coupa Software, the world's leading provider of cloud-based spend management solutions? We’re a company that had a successful IPO in October 2016 (NASDAQ: COUP) to fuel our innovation and growth. At Coupa, we’re building a great company that is laser focused on three core values:
1. Ensure Customer Success – Obsessive and unwavering commitment to making customers successful.
2. Focus On Results – Relentless focus on delivering results through innovation and a bias for action.
3. Strive For Excellence – Commitment to a collaborative environment infused with professionalism, integrity, passion, and accountability.
Responsibilities:

Processing Raw Data through ETL models and SQL scripts
Maintain and develop Client dashboards and reports.
Identify data issues and proactively drive cleanup activities.
Support AIC Project Management Team by participating in active projects and work collaboratively to develop best practice.
Liaising with Clients to proactively resolve issues and identify reporting requirements
Maintain project documentation and provide updates to AIC team and Clients
Mitigate Risks and Manage Client Expectations whilst ensuring accuracy of outputs
To support innovation and development of the product offering
Requirements:

Experience using a relational database (preferably Microsoft SQL Server). Hands on experience with basic SQL functions for data manipulation (select, insert, update, delete) as well as an understanding of joining tables together in queries
Data Visualization skills including experience with BI tools such as Power BI, Tableau and Looker
Strong Excel skills including knowledge of advanced functions such as lookups
Understanding of the Procurement function within companies and familiarity with basic Financial concepts e.g. Financial Years, Payment Terms, Posting dates, Ledger accounts, Purchase Orders etc.
Basic project management skills needed to manage and coordinate projects tasks. This includes creating work plans or project plans, conducting status updates, taking meeting minutes/notes, and proactively following up on open items to ensure completion of tasks.
Effective communication skills including ability to structure ideas and conversations to effectively present findings from analysis.
Is able to handle multiple concurrent engagements and prioritise their workload to deliver projects on time.
At Coupa, we have a strong and innovative team dedicated to improving the spend management processes of today’s dynamic businesses. It’s our people who make it happen, and we strive to attract and retain the best in every discipline.
We take care of our employees every way we can, with competitive compensation packages, as well as restricted stock units, an Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP), comprehensive health benefits for employees and their families, retirement and savings plans with employer match, a flexible work environment, no limit vacations for exempt employees, non-exempt employees are on an accrual basis for PTO, catered lunches…And much more!
As part of our dedication to the diversity of our workforce, Coupa is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity without regard for race, ethnicity, gender, protected veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or religion.
Please be advised, inquiries or resumes from recruiters will not be accepted. 