Discover. A brighter future.
With us, you’ll do meaningful work from Day 1. Our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: We Play to Win, We Get Better Every Day & We Succeed Together. And we mean it — we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. We value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine.
Come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future with Discover.
Job Description
At Discover, be part of a culture where diversity, teamwork and collaboration reign. Join a company that is just as employee-focused as it is on its customers and is consistently awarded for both. We’re all about people, and our employees are why Discover is a great place to work. Be the reason we help millions of consumers build a brighter financial future and achieve yours along the way with a rewarding career.
Responsible for working closely with management to execute analytical initiatives. Responsible for providing thought leadership & strategic thinking to solve business problems by leveraging techniques such as segmentation, optimization, advanced analytics and machine learning. This position will closely monitor performance metrics and KPIs to ensure goals are met and course correct as necessary.
Responsibilities
Provides thought leadership & strategic thinking to translate business problem into analytical framework(s), and independently recommend actions and provide business insights. Operates as a subject matter expert on statistical analysis, test and design of experiment, analysis methodology, modeling & application, and financial impact analysis.
Collaborates with cross-functional partners to understand their business needs, formulate and complete end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled deliverables and presentations. Facilitate implementation of work product and ensure accuracy. Establishes and maintains effective performance tracking; identifies improvement opportunity, form hypothesis, propose, design and implement tests to drive strategy enhancement and optimization.
Leads the development and implementation of advanced analytics including customer segmentation, optimization, prescriptive analytics and machine learning algorithm & recommendation to solve business problems. Lead the development of Analytical capabilities with the aim of creating long-term strategic data/analytics assets for the company.
Delivers effective presentations of findings and recommendations to multiple levels of leadership, creating visual displays of quantitative information.
Develops and automates reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for analytical needs.
Consistently follows standard work processes and documentation requirements. Recommends improvement to work processes to increase efficiency while maintaining quality of work. Continuously improves technical and leadership skills through training and development.
Minimum Qualifications
At a minimum, here’s what we need from you:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Economics, Engineering, Sciences or related field
6+ years of experience in Credit Risk, Fraud Risk, Marketing Analytics, Optimization, Operations Analytics, Modeling/Data Science or related field
Preferred Qualifications
If we had our say, we’d also look for:
Master’s Degree in Business, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Sciences or related field
4+ years of experience in Credit Risk, Fraud Risk, Marketing Analytics, Optimization, Operations Analytics, Modeling/Data Science or related field
What are you waiting for? Apply today!
The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover. 