Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
Engage with various departments and teams within OptumCare and help solve business problems / pain points using analytics solutions
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Experience and in-depth knowledge of healthcare delivery system, primarily focused on analytics needs that touch upon aspects of improving patient satisfaction, lowering costs, delivering quality outcomes and increasing provider satisfaction
Propose/produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory analytics using unstructured and structured datasets
Knowledge of statistics, AI/ML, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, and make valuable discoveries
Awareness of policy impacts to care delivery and help build the associated analytics required to mitigate risks, if any
Innate talent to convert data to insights and provide consult to leadership on converting insights to actions
Ability to drive analytics to support operations / programs that help with the quadruple aim and recommend solutions to leadership based on findings in data
Ability to convey complex ideas in a way that’s easy to understand
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Undergraduate technical degree (major in Engineering, Mathematics or Statistics)
5+ years of Healthcare experience in analytics or consulting

Has experience to communicate effectively at all levels – from analysts to C-Suite
Experience working with data – including understanding of the various types and sources of data
Proven success leading data and analytics teams
Ability to work flex hours to accommodate Offshore team
Ability to travel up to 10% (conferences, meetings, etc)
Full COVID-19 vaccination is an essential job function of this role. Candidates located in states that mandate COVID-19 booster doses must also comply with those state requirements. UnitedHealth Group will adhere to all federal, state and local regulations as well as all client requirements and will obtain necessary proof of vaccination, and boosters when applicable, prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications:
Masters Degree


To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment
Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.


Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado/Connecticut/Nevada residents is $113,500 to $218,100. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. 