Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
Optum, the fastest growing part of UnitedHealth Group, is a leading information and technology-enabled health services business. Our teams are dedicated to modernizing the health care system and improving the lives of people and communities.
Serving virtually every dimension of the health system, we work with a diverse set of clients across 150 countries from those who diagnose and treat patients to those who pay for care, deliver health services, and those who supply the cures. Optum maintains operations across North America, South America, Europe, Asia Pacific and the Middle East. Our innovative partnerships provide technology and tools that enable unprecedented collaboration and efficiency. As a result, we can tap into valuable health care data to uncover insights and develop strategies for better care at lower costs.

About the role:
We all know that there's a lot more to come in the changes sweeping through the health care industry. But if change is going to shape our world, it's comforting to know that we're shaping the change. At Optum, the actuarial consulting leader in health care innovation, your performance, your ideas and your innovative thinking will help us improve the lives of millions.
As the Senior Data Engineer, you will join an elite team committed to changing health care through outstanding service and valuable products. You'll use innovative tools including the largest database of health care information in the world. You will help build the data infrastructure to support cutting edge analytics and modeling. If you want to be challenged by working on complex and diverse data projects, this is the opportunity for you.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
 Primary Responsibilities:
As a Senior Data Engineer, your responsibilities will include:
Design and build data pipelines to process terabytes of data
Create Docker images for various applications and deploy them on Kubernetes or similar application
Design and build best in class processes to ingest, process, clean and standardize data.
Troubleshoot data issues
Tuning and optimizing data processes
Work on Proof of Concepts for Big Data and Data Science
Partner with other technical teams to transfer data within and across environments
Modelling of big volume datasets to maximize performance for our BI & Data Science Team
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Keyword: #OptumCorp
Required Qualifications:
Computer Science bachelor degree or similar.
Hands on experience on the following technologies:
Developing processes in Spark or similar application for at least 2 years
Writing complex SQL queries for at least 4 years
Building ETL/data pipelines for at least 4 years
Exposure to Kubernetes and Linux containers (i.e. Docker) for at least 1 year
Related/complementary open source software platforms and languages (e.g. Scala, Python, Java, Linux)
Previous experience with Relational Databases (RDBMS) & Non- Relational Database
Analytical and problem-solving experience applied to a Big Data environment and Distributed Processing.
Experience working in projects with agile/scrum methodologies
Exposure to DevOps methodology
Exposure to Databricks
Experience with Cloud technologies: Microsoft Azure (Azure Key Vault, Azure Kubernetes, SQL Azure)
Data warehousing principles, architecture and its implementation in large production environments
Preferred Qualifications:
Good communication and interpersonal skills
Autonomous
Negotiation and Influencing Skills
Collaborative team player
Eager to learn about and work on a variety of different projects/assignments
Flexibility to handle changing priorities/requirements/deadlines
Exposure to the following technologies:
Airflow
Hive /HBase/Presto
Jenkins / Travis
Kafka
Dockerfiles
SQL Managed Instance
R
C#.NET 6 - micro services
Preferred location of:
Colorado Springs, CO
Dallas, TX
Hartford-West Hartford-East Hartford, CT
Houston-The Woodlands-Sugar Land, TX
Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI
Nashville-Davidson-Murfreesboro-Franklin, TN
Phoenix-Mesa-Scottsdale, AZ
Pittsburgh, PA
St. Louis, MO-IL
Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, FL
Boulder, CO
To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment.
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one gi information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-relatedyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $82,100 to $146,900. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $90,500 to $161,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. 