Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
Optum Labs is the research and development arm of UnitedHealth Group. We're a diverse team of curious thinkers and experts in big data, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and scientific and clinical research searching for new ways to help people live healthier lives. We partner with world leaders in health care delivery, research, and technology to create disruptive solutions that serve patients, caregivers, providers, and commercial and government payers.


More equitable, effective, and affordable health care - that's our goal. We aren't just trying to improve the care an individual receives. We're building a future where the health care system works better for everyone.


You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Work alongside other data scientists, engineers, and project managers to design and implement models and experiments from end to end, including data ingestion and preparation, feature engineering, analysis and modeling, model deployment, performance tracking and documentation
Improve and extend the analytic methods in our products
Conduct hands-on data analysis and predictive analytics on large and complex datasets
Effectively communicate complex technical results to business partners
Support and drive analytic efforts around machine learning and innovation
Work with a great deal of autonomy to find solutions to complex problems
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Biostatistics, Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Statistics or related technical field
2+ years of hands-on experience in data science and machine learning (specific areas of interest include anomaly detection, time-series/sequence models, NLP, uncertainty quantification, explainability methods,deep learning]
Demonstrable experience with advanced data science tools such as Python, Spark, SQL
Experience implementing predictive algorithms and associated statistical analysis/inference in a data science/ML workflow manipulating both structured and unstructured data
Experience breaking down and converting business problems into data science/ML specification
Demonstrable interest (or experience) in writing high-quality code which converts software engineering critics into your best buddies
Experience communicating highly technical results to a diverse audience
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with deploying ML models in Azure, AWS, and/or Google Cloud
Expertise in healthcare data, e.g. medical and pharmacy claims, EMR/clinical data, lab data, etc.
Experience with agile product development
Experience breaking down and clearly defining problems
Experience with Github
Love for doing the right, hard and often dirty things e.g. code refactoring, cleaning data, helping team before helping yourself
To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.


Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $66,100 to $118,300. The salary range for Connecticut/Nevada residents is $72,800 to $129,900. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. 