Solutions driven success.
XPO is a top ten global provider of transportation services, with a highly integrated network of people, technology and physical assets. At XPO Logistics, we look for employees who like a challenge and can communicate effectively in all situations. We want to leverage your skills and years of experience to drive positive results while ensuring a bright future for yourself and XPO. If you’re looking for a growth opportunity, join us at XPO.
As the Senior Data Scientist, you will be responsible for developing analytical experiments and regularly evaluating alternate models to support strategic initiatives and ongoing business processes. You will work with leads, analysts and data producers/consumers to understand requirements, develop technical solutions and ensure the reliability and performance of the data solutions. Join XPO Logistics, a company named among the most admired in the world by Fortune and one of America’s best employers by Forbes. As part of our growing, dynamic team, you’ll have the support to excel at work and the resources to build a career you can be proud of.
Pay, benefits and more.
We are eager to attract the best, so we offer competitive compensation and a generous benefits package, including full health insurance (medical, dental and vision), 401(k), life insurance, disability and the opportunity to participate in a company incentive plan.
What you’ll do on a typical day:
Conceive and develop end-to-end solutions focused on data science and engineering, using machine learning and deep learning algorithms, statistical concepts, data modeling, software development, cloud computing and visualizations
Resolve technical issues in existing processes and current development work; solicit assistance from other roles and groups, and drive resolution to ensure the integrity of platform quality and project timelines
Understand and improve shared standard patterns, templates and artifacts for data science platform architecture, data science development approaches, data models, new technology adoption and rollout
Collaborate with IT and business teams to identify and document use cases, performance and capability requirements, and criteria for successful solution delivery
Mentor other team members on technical skills, methodologies, problem solving approaches and standard patterns used at XPO
Generalize and share technical approaches among other developers, and simplify and communicate completed work to broader audiences across the company
Help support data consumers to ensure they have reliable access to trusted data
What you need to succeed at XPO:
At a minimum, you’ll need:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, MIS, Engineering, Business or a related field; or equivalent related work or military experience
2 years of hands-on experience in delivering solutions in at least two of the following: data science, data analysis, geospatial, finance, econometrics, cloud computing, big data and database management
Hands-on experience with the core concepts of pricing, revenue management and supply chain management
Experience with statistical modeling, data analytics and visualization using R and Python (Numpy, Pandas, Scipy, Plotly and Matplotlib)
Significant experience applying one or more analytical methods: regression (preferably mixed models), data classification and reduction (cluster, factor, principle components, decision trees), Bayesian inference or other advanced machine learning techniques
Deep understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning, deep learning or data mining concepts, and a track record of solving problems with these methods
Technical database knowledge (Oracle, NoSQL, data modeling) and experience optimizing SQL queries on large data
Ability to write SQL fluently, recognize and correct inefficient or error-prone SQL, and perform test-driven validation of SQL queries and their results
Availability to work periodic 24/7 on-call support as required by the team’s rotation schedule
It’d be great if you also have:
Master's degree in Computer Science, MIS, Engineering, Business or a related field; or recent college graduates with hands-on, moderately complex internship projects of greater than 6 months
Data science specialization from Coursera, Udacity, Data Camp, etc.
Knowledge of statistical modeling techniques, including linear/logistic regression (advanced predictor selection techniques), classification (decision trees, random forests), Support Vector Machines (SVMs), neural networks, etc.
Hands-on experience with CPLEX
5 years of hands-on experience in delivering solutions in at least two of the following: data science, data analysis, geospatial, finance, econometrics, cloud computing, big data and database management
Ability to quickly learn and achieve proficiency in new software applications
Be part of something big.
We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, disability, veteran or other protected status.
All applicants who receive a conditional offer of employment may be required to take and pass a pre-employment drug test.
The above statements are not an exhaustive list of all required responsibilities, duties and skills for this job classification.
Review XPO's candidate privacy statement here. 