Description
About Harvest
Harvest is an independent software company that makes tools to help businesses run more smoothly. We believe that businesses only succeed by using their time intentionally. Our products support our customers through time tracking, reporting, and forecasting features.
Harvest started in 2006 as a team of three and has grown to today’s current team of over 60 with Harvesters working from around the globe. We’ve worked as a remote team since the beginning and we continue to hire the right people for the job no matter where they call home.
We also strive to create a workplace culture where everyone feels valued, included, and heard. One important aspect of this is continuing to create spaces for diverse life experiences and work histories. If you are a member of a group that is historically underrepresented and disadvantaged in tech, business, and society in general, we want to meet you and we encourage you to apply.

Why We’re Hiring
At Harvest, you’ll be working with a team of honest and respectful engineers who value giving and receiving feedback and trust that they can count on each other.
Harvest Engineering consists of Product Engineering and Platform Engineering. Within Platform Engineering there are currently three teams, Site Reliability Engineering (SRE), Data and Security Engineering (DSE), and Engineering Productivity (EP)
The Data and Security Engineering (DSE) team is responsible for providing infrastructure and tooling that supports both internal and external data science and security needs. On the data engineering side, much of their work involves creating pipelines from various systems and tools, processing the incoming data, and pushing it into our data warehouse for future consumption. For security, engineers use and/or build tools and partner with external vendors to assess various threats to Harvest and our customers’ data. They then work to improve our applications and build additional tooling to keep us safe.

What You’ll Do
Support Harvest’s data warehouse and drive the evolution of our pipelines.
Identify and implement process improvements: designing infrastructure that scales, automating manual processes, etc.
Take ownership of the various tasks that will allow us to maintain high-quality data; ingestion, validation, transformation, enrichment, mapping, storage, etc
Implement testing and observability across the data infrastructure to ensure data quality from raw sources to downstream models.
Collaborate with the Insights and SRE teams to build reliable, scalable tooling for analysis and experimentation.
Collaborate with the Product team to anticipate and support changes to the data.
Requirements
Who You Are
You are a great communicator who can explain complex technical issues to a broad, non-technical audience.
You work well with engineering, support, product, legal, and the executive team.
You tailor your communication style, level of detail, and approach based on the audience.
You are able to empathize with a diverse range of engineers.
You balance reaching out for help from others with researching solutions on your own. You know where to find answers and when to ask for assistance.
You care about the details, but not at the cost of the big picture.
You believe finishing and shipping a good project is better than waiting for perfection.
You believe feedback is a gift, seek it out, and act on it.

What You’ve Done
You have strong experience with relational and non-relational data stores, including BigQuery.
You have experience in ETL/ELT design and implementation using tools like Stitch.
You are proficient in writing code in one of the following languages: Ruby, JavaScript or Go. Experience writing Python is a plus.
You understand database performance concepts like indices, segmentation, projections, and partitions.
You have successfully delivered projects working with Data Science and Engineering teams.
You are comfortable with cloud infrastructure, containerization, and orchestration.
Benefits
At Harvest, our compensation consists of three main components:
A competitive base pay: The salary for this role is $155,500 in USD. Every Harvester with the same role expectations receives the same base pay. And we aim to pay at the top of the market (informed by third-party data) for all roles.
Individual and company performance bonus plans: We believe in rewarding performance, so all Harvesters are eligible to receive an individual and company performance bonus after working with Harvest for a period of time.
Competitive benefits*: We offer a number of benefits, including
15 days of vacation in your first year, plus company holidays and a week off for winter break. And you’ll get an additional two days per year until you reach twenty days.
100% coverage of health insurance premiums across our medical, dental, and vision plan offerings for you, your spouse, and your dependents
A yearly budget for your professional learning and development goals
401k plan with a 6% company match after three months with the company
16 weeks of paid family leave to all new parents with the option to use it all at once or throughout the baby’s first year as well as a virtual platform providing support across fertility, pregnancy, adoption, and through your first year of parenting
A charitable giving matching program to support your contributions to your favorite charitable organizations
And much more…

Some of the benefits described are only available to U.S.-based Harvesters. Benefits information for non-U.S.-based Harvesters will be provided to individuals who interview for those roles. 