Our mission is to deliver an exceptional student experience by providing superior programs and services that are relevant and result in meaningful learning.
National University is San Diego’s largest private nonprofit university. We are proud to provide high-quality higher education to our diverse student population from across the United States, and in multiple countries. As an institution, we value accessibility and provide our students and faculty the opportunity to thrive in a dynamic and exciting work environment. In 2010, National University was named a Great College to Work For in a survey by The Chronicle of Higher Education.
Essential Job Duties:
Our mission is to deliver an exceptional student experience by providing superior programs and services that are relevant and result in meaningful learning.
National University is San Diego's largest private nonprofit university. We are proud to provide high quality, accessible higher education to a diverse student population, primarily adult learners, from all 50 states, and in 65 countries. Our students and faculty thrive in a dynamic and exciting work environment. National University has been recognized as a Great College to Work For in a survey by The Chronicle of Higher Education.
We invite you to join our Adjunct Faculty in the Bachelor of Science in Data Science program. Candidates with a doctorate in Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics, or a related field must have a minimum of 1-3 years' experience teaching or working in data science. Candidates with a master's degree must have a minimum of 5 years of industry or teaching experience in data science. We are searching for instructors who can develop course content and teach undergraduate courses in data science.
Note: This part-time Adjunct Faculty position will be developing and teaching 4-week courses online and/or onsite in San Diego.
Essential Job Duties:
Collaborate with faculty and staff to create and teach new undergraduate courses in data science
Lead classroom sessions on-site and/or online according to university policies
Respond to student needs in a timely fashion or typically within 24-48 hours
Provide substantive feedback to students, grade assignments, and post grades in a timely fashion of 1-3 days
Participate in online class discussion boards
Emphasize student-centered learning by promoting student inquiries and encouraging participation in their own learning
Maintain a positive, safe, student-centric learning environment
Required Qualifications:
Master's degree in Data Science, Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics, or a related field along with a minimum of 5 years of industry or teaching experience in data science
Experience with Python and R programming, Tableau, and Power BI
Must reside and be eligible to work in the United States
Preferred Qualifications:
Doctorate in Data Science, Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics, or a related field
1-3 years of industry or teaching experience in data science
Experience teaching data science in higher education with working adults
Materials Needed For Submission:
Resume / Curriculum Vitae
Unofficial Transcripts
Cover Letter highly preferred
If selected, candidates with international degrees may be required to submit translation/degree evaluation from one of our approved agencies.
Physical Demands/Environment:
Sedentary work. Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects. The worker is required to have close visual acuity to perform an activity such as preparing and analyzing data and figures and viewing a computer terminal and requires color vision and depth perception.
National University (NU) is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and does not unlawfully discriminate against any employee or applicant for employee per applicable federal, state, and local laws.
At NU, a diverse mix of highly talented, innovative, and creative professionals come together to make the impact of a lifetime for each of our student learners. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment, education, and admission at National University. We are focused on equality and believe deeply in diversity of race, color, ancestry, age, family care status, veteran status, marital status, creed, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, national origin, and other legally protected group status.
National University offers an opportunity to work in an innovative environment that supports diversity.
National University (NU) is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and does not unlawfully discriminate against any employee or applicant for employee per applicable federal, state and local laws. At NU, a diverse mix of highly talented, innovative, and create people come together to make the impact of a lifetime for each of our student learners. All qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment, education, and admission at National University. We are focused on equality and believe deeply in diversity of race, color, ancestry, age, family care status, veteran status, marital status, creed, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, national origin, and other legally protected group status. 