Job Description for Data Scientist I
Description
Frontier Communications is looking for a junior Data Scientist to join our Data Science team under the Consumer organization.
You will get a chance to analyze massive data sets with the most current data science techniques for an ISP serving 3 million broadband customers across 25 states. You will look at all facets of our business with the singular mission to improve customer retention, satisfaction, and lifetime value.
Responsibilities
 Develop predictive, causal, and prescriptive models with the ultimate aim to reduce churn rates, increase customer satisfaction metrics and improve upgrade conversion rates.
 Provide statistical consulting for the design and analysis of experiments to conduct in call centers, field maintenance, marketing, customer onboarding and network operations.


Must-Have Qualifications
Any of the following combinations of work and academic experience:
Any quantitative-oriented undergraduate degree plus 1 to 2 years of work experience as a data scientist
Or Bachelors or Masters in Statistics, Econometrics, Biostatistics, Epidemiology, or Data Science
Or Ph.D. in any discipline involving a dissertation with a strong emphasis on a statistical analysis of empirical data (e.g., Economics, Psychology, Sociology, Computer Science, etc.)
Strong experience in logit and multivariable linear regressions
We do NOT expect the candidate to be familiar with ALL the following topics, but it would desirable or “nice to have” if they have an academic or professional grounding in SOME of them. The key topics are (in no particular order):
Experimental design (threats to validity, multiple treatment design, clinical trial design, pretests, posttests, etc.)
Time series
Hypothesis testing (including non-parametric methods)
GLM
Bayesian inference
Choice modeling
Causality analysis (instrumental variables, moderators, mediators, the difference in difference, etc.)
Rules-based classifiers (e.g., RIPPER, BRL, etc.)
Decision tree classifiers (e.g., Random Forest, other ensemble methods, specific algorithms, etc.)
Dimensionality reduction (e.g., KNN clustering, k-means clustering, principal component analysis, etc.)
Multiclass classification (e.g., SVM, Naïve Bayes, multinomial logit, etc.)
Imbalanced data methods (e.g., SMOTE, F-Beta, over-sampling, etc.)
NLP
Imbalanced binary classification
You have EXTREMELY strong written and oral communication skills to help translate the technical aspects of your work into plain English that a non-statistician will understand
 Intermediate skills in SQL
 Intermediate skills in Python (pandas, scikit-learn, statsmodels, NumPy)
 You are interested in learning more about the programming and machine learning aspects of the data science world
Nice to Have Qualifications:
Familiarity with working on data involving telecoms, mobile providers, ISPs, or cable companies
Has prior experience working with or on a data science team
Experience working in any of the major cloud platforms: AWS, Azure, GCP
Experience with ETLs
Experience working with customer service, billing, network operations, behavioral, demographic and/or finance data
Experience in data visualization
New hires must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by their start date with the company (or have been granted a religious or medical exemption accommodation). 