Job Description Summary
The Data Science Engineering Specialist will work in teams addressing data engineering and labelling for machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) method development under the guidance of senior members of the Data Science team at GE Gas Power. In this role, you will contribute to the development and deployment of modern ML / AI, operational research, semantic analysis, and statistical methods for finding structure in large data sets in order to harness data insight and deliver business outcomes.
Job Description
Roles and Responsibilities
As a Data Science Engineering Specialist, you will be part of the Data Science organization working with cross-disciplinary GE Gas Power functional and Digital Technology stakeholders to provide data science / ML / AI solutions. You will work with Data Science team to develop or enhance AI/ML solutions within the business using the latest technology to introduce and improve current capabilities. You will work alongside data scientists to deploy ML / AI capabilities and facilitate the introduction of these ML / AI solutions into the business. In this role, you will:
Work with multiple teams to validate & label data required for Machine Learning solutions in Computer Vision (CV) and Natural Language Processing (NLP).
Work with data scientist to build systems to monitor and evaluate the Data Science teams AI/ML solutions
Define, build, and deploy CI/CD pipelines with Data Science team in a fast-paced agile development environment using the latest software development methods
Engage with Data Scientist to understand and support the requirements of Machine Learning applications
Apply principles of SDLC and methodologies like Lean/Agile/XP, CI, Software and Product Security, Scalability, Documentation Practices, refactoring and Testing Techniques
Support process improvements which guide the development, sustaining & support activities
Proactively share information across the team, to the right audience with the appropriate level of detail and timeliness
Education Qualification
Associate or Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering, or “STEM” Majors (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math) with no experience required.
Desired Characteristics
Technical Expertise:
Experience developing backend technologies (Python, C++, Java)
Experience with development and integration of microservices (RESTful web services)
Experience with DevOps methodologies and tools - driving CI/CD automation for code scan, builds & deployments
Experience with docker containerization and deployment strategies
Experience with AWS services (S3, Lambda, ECS)
Personal Attributes:
Strong written communication skills
Customer driven approach to solving problems
Interest in latest technology trends/staying up to date with technology news
Effective team building/problem solving skills
Additional Information
GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).
As a federal government contractor, GE may in the future be required to have U.S. employees fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Some GE customers currently have vaccination mandates that may apply to GE employees.
Relocation Assistance Provided: No
#LI-Remote - This is a remote position 