Department Summary:

At DISH Wireless, we reimagine connectivity through new platforms, new business models and new ways of thinking.
Today, we are building America’s first cloud-native 5G network to transform the way we live, work and play with unlimited potential. Our teams operate at the intersection of wireless, data analytics, AI and the cloud to create something state-of-the-art, radically original, and truly unlike what anyone else can.
Navigating an ambiguous future, our mission is clear. We adapt to, and drive, change for all.

Job Duties and Responsibilities:

The Data Analytics Engineer is responsible for building the DISH Wireless Commercial data integrations and implementing the fully-automated analytics modules catering to DISH business team needs and the analytics product offerings in the marketplace for Commercial customers. The engineer will focus on building the data pipelines, insights, KPIs and metrics using the DISH Wireless data from BSS, OSS, NSS or external sources to business/partners/customers. This individual will play an active role in delivery and ensure alignment to the end-state architecture.
Day-to-day job responsibilities:
Provide technical expertise in Wireless Analytics
Understand business needs and analytics product offerings to design and build data and analytics solutions
Analyze business and technical requirements
Quickly build prototypes to test out proof-of-concepts
Address technical concerns, ideas and suggestions
Assist in solving technical problems when they arise
Monitor systems to ensure they meet the partner, user and business goals
Deliver solutions, features using agile delivery methodologies
#DICE
Skills, Experience and Requirements:
Specific qualifications:
3+ years as a Data Analytics engineer in the wireless and/or telecom space esp., in Sales, Marketing, Retention, Product, Revenue and Partner Management etc
5+ years of hands-on experience with development and delivery of secure, reliable and scalable big data solutions using agile methodologies
Experience in building highly performant SQL based solutions delivered using file feeds, Data-as-a-Service APIs, streaming data analytics or BI tools like Tableau
Experience in data management and engineering capabilities
Experience in cloud technologies (like AWS) and data analytics platforms
Experience in delivering of self-service analytics, insights, KPIs and metrics
Experience building and maintaining data catalog with dictionary
Experience with scheduling tools like Control-M or Airflow
Ensure compliance on all deliverables by performing data audits and analysis
Benefits:

From versatile health perks to new career opportunities, check out our benefits on our careers website.
Candidates need to successfully complete a pre-employment screen, which may include a drug test.
Salary Range: USD $87500.00 - $125000.00 / Year 