Overview:

Who we are...
Ciox Health merged with Datavant in 2021, creating the nation's largest health data ecosystems, powering secure data connectivity on behalf of thousands of providers, payers, health data analytics companies, patient-facing applications, government agencies, research institutions and life science companies. The combined company is focused on improving patient outcomes and reducing costs by removing impediments to the secure exchange of health data. Ciox, a Datavant company will offer the ability to access, exchange, and connect data among the thousands of organizations in its ecosystem for use cases ranging from better clinical care and value-based payments to health analytics and medical research.
What we offer…
At Ciox Health we offer all employees a place to grow and expand their current skills so that they can not only help build Ciox Health into the greatest health technology company but create a career that you can be proud of. We offer you complete training and long-term career goals. Our environment is what most of our employees are the proudest of and our Architecture Group is comprised of some of the brightest and most talented individuals. Give us just a few moments to explain why we need you and hope you will help us change how the health Industry manages its’ medical records.
What we need…
This is an entry level position responsible for processing all release of information (ROI) specifically medical record requests in a timely and efficient manner ensuring accuracy and providing customers with the highest quality product and customer service. Associate must at all times safeguard and protect the patient’s right to privacy by ensuring that only authorized individuals have access to the patient’s medical information and that all releases of information are in compliance with the request, authorization, company policy and HIPAA regulations. This position travels 75% or more of their time.
Responsibilities:
Receive and process requests for patient health information in accordance with Company and Facility policies and procedures.
Maintain confidentiality and security with all privileged information.
Maintain working knowledge of Company and facility software.
Adhere to the Company's and Customer facilities Code of Conduct and policies.
Inform manager of work, site difficulties, and/or fluctuating volumes.
Assist with additional work duties or responsibilities as evident or required.
Consistent application of medical privacy regulations to guard against unauthorized disclosure.
Responsible for managing patient health records.
Responsible for safeguarding patient records and ensuring compliance with HIPAA standards.
Prepares new patient charts, gathering documents and information from paper sources and/or electronic health record.
Ensures medical records are assembled in standard order and are accurate and complete.
Creates digital images of paperwork to be stored in the electronic medical record.
Responds to requests for patient records, both within the facility and by external sources, retrieving them and transmitting them appropriately.
Answering of inbound/outbound calls.
May assist with patient walk-ins.
May assist with administrative duties such as handling faxes, opening mail, and data entry.
Must meet productivity expectations as outlined at specific site.
May schedules pick-ups.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:

Required
High School Diploma or GED.
Must be 18 years of age or older.
Able to travel local/regionally 75% or more of the time.
Ability to commute between locations as needed.
Able to work overtime during peak seasons when required.
Basic computer proficiency.
Comfortable utilizing phones, fax machine, printers, and other general office equipment on a regular basis.
Professional verbal and written communication skills in the English language.
Detail and quality oriented as it relates to accurate and compliant information for medical records.
Strong data entry skills.
Must be able to work with minimum supervision responding to changing priorities and role needs.
Ability to organize and manage multiple tasks.
Able to respond to requests in a fast-paced environment.
Preferred
Experience in a healthcare environment.
Previous production/metric-based work experience.
In-person customer service experience.
Ability to build relationships with on-site clients and customers.
Comfortable bringing new ideas, process improvement suggestions, and feedback to internal stakeholders.
Working conditions & physical demands
Work is generally performed in an office environment in which there is only minimal exposure to unpleasant and/or hazardous working conditions. Must have the ability to stand and sit frequently throughout an eight-hour period, reach horizontally and vertically for overhead use. Must be able to use a telephone or headset equipment. Incumbent must be able to lift 20 lbs., perform work at a computer terminal for 6-8 hours a day, and function in an environment with constant interruptions. Reasonable accommodations are available to qualified individuals with disabilities. Must be willing to travel 75% of their time to multiple sites based on the needs of the region.
To ensure the safety of patients and staff, many of our clients require post-offer health screenings and proof and/or completion of various vaccinations such as the flu shot, Tdap, COVID-19, etc. Any requests to be exempted from these requirements will be reviewed by Ciox Human Resources and determined on a case-by-case basis. Depending on the state in which you will be working, exemptions may be available on the basis of disability, medical contraindications to the vaccine or any of its components, pregnancy or pregnancy-related medical conditions, and/or religion.
For remote work, this position requires that you provide a high-speed internet connection, subject to applicable expense reimbursement requirements (if any), and a work environment free from distractions.
With very limited exceptions (medical conditions or sincerely held religious beliefs that prohibit you from getting the vaccine), one of the requirements for this job is that you be fully vaccinated against COVID-19.
Except for states where legally prohibited to enforce mandates. 