The purpose of this position is to create requirements for each specification which support the vision and direction of assigned product(s) to the agile team(s). This includes creating functional specifications that support the product roadmap and guiding the features from concept to market throughout the development life cycle with limited supervision.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Provide vision and direction to the Agile development team and stakeholders throughout the development life cycle
Research, analyze, and assist with defining the market, the users, and the roadmap for the product
Assess value, develop cases, and prioritize stories to ensure work focuses on those with maximum value that are aligned with overall product strategy
Define customer needs and the associated features and solutions to meet those needs.
Collaborate with development, quality assurance, and user experience to ensure the right customer problem is solved.
Share market research and competitive analysis with the team to best focus their efforts.
Create requirements for each specification
Develop and ensure user stories are ready for the team
Participate in the planning of product release plans and set expectations for delivery of new functionalities
Balances the needs of stakeholders in the development process; advocates on behalf of the customer for the development team and advocates on the behalf of the development team with appropriately setting customer expectations
To the extent possible, mitigate roadblocks impacting successful team completion of release and sprint goals
Provide backlog management and elaboration of the user stories
Ensure the Agile team has an adequate amount of tasks to work on from the backlog and plan for each sprint
Gather, manage, and prioritize product backlog.
Assist with special projects as needed
Education/Certification:
Bachelors Degree, preferably in MIS or related field, or equivalent experience in a technical role related to Product Management or role within the industry directly related to specific product module required.
Skills/Abilities:
Subject matter expertise in the particular product or market and knows how to develop solutions for this market. Subject matter expertise should include specific industry or technical knowledge
Outstanding communication, presentation and leadership skills
Creative thinker with a vision
The ability to bridge communication gaps between groups that communicate differently and might have varying goals and deadlines.
Proven ability to influence cross-functional teams without formal authority.
Ability to influence and work collaboratively with development teams is especially important
Ability to solve difficult problems and provide a fresh perspective using existing solutions
Ability to work independently while receiving minimal guidance
Ability to be flexible and manage change
Ability to manage multiple tasks while maintaining organization and timely completion of projects
Strong attention to detail
Ability to work across all levels of an organization
Customer Service, Problem Solving, Critical Thinking, Communications, Interpersonal Relations/Teamwork, Organization Awareness, Self/Life Management, Continuous Improvement/Innovation and Change, Technical Competence
Paycom is an equal opportunity employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. Paycom makes employment decisions on the basis of business needs, job requirements, individual qualifications and merit. Paycom wants to have the best available people in every job. Therefore, Paycom does not permit its employees to harass, discriminate or retaliate against other employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, military and veteran status, age, physical or mental disability, genetic characteristic, reproductive health decisions, family or parental status or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable laws. Equal employment opportunity will be extended to all persons in all aspects of the employer-employee relationship. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, promotion, discipline, compensation benefits, and separation of employment. The Human Resources Department has overall responsibility for this policy and maintains reporting and monitoring procedures. Any questions or concerns should be referred to the Human Resources Department. ****To learn more about Paycom's affirmative action policy, equal employment opportunity, or to request an accommodation - Click on the link to find more information: paycom.com/careers/eeoc 