Summary
Posted: Sep 2, 2022
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:200418421
The people here at Apple don’t just create products – we build the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries! It’s the diversity of our people and their ideas that encourages the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple and help us leave the world better than we found it! As part of a team of eCommerce analytics specialists, you’re deeply committed to the two-sided challenge of driving all aspects of the extraction of insights from the inconsistent and intangible world of data and delivering insight to the business leaders looking for every opportunity to bring to bear just a little more out of every click. Being aware of how frustratingly valuable web data can be, you’re able to build the skills to collect and interpret that data. You understand business strategies that are fueled by the output of this process. We are a leading eCommerce business platform like no other, representing the most admired brand in over 40 countries worldwide. With multi-platform web implementations and an outstanding shopping app, Apple Retail Online is a powerful presence, providing a superb opportunity for an imaginative and motivated analyst to lights the way for the business team while enjoying a scale of scope and personal growth available only at Apple.
Key Qualifications
4+ years of experience working within performance marketing analytics, web analytics, eCommerce and customer analytics
Highly proficient in SQL, Tableau, and Excel with experience in Product Analytics Tools (Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics)
Solid understanding of eCommerce fundamentals and drivers of Traffic, Conversion and Revenue.
Foundational understanding of Digital Marketing, Merchandising and eCommerce Supply Chain concepts
Strong Business planning and financial modelling experience driving end to end measurement including measuring effectiveness, return on investment and incrementality of customer facing programs
Strong proficiency in translating complex data into crisp insights, actions and recommendations to both technical and non-technical leaders and colleagues
Description
- Driving Business strategy: You will provide recommendations applying multiple types of data, business knowledge, and strategic assumptions when data doesn’t exist. You will be essential to decision-making - Finding opportunities and influencing partners to act: You will partner with several eCommerce business owners such as Marketing, Merchandising, Finance and Fulfillment to provide key customer insights and influence strategic decisions. You will collaborate with partners and analysts to ensure reporting solutions are scalable, repeatable, effective, and meet expectations of various leaders - Be the Dot Connector: Using multitude of data source, you will connect the dots across multiple problems to see the larger picture that helps craft analyses and findings that drive longer term solutions than just answering short term questions - Be the Analytics Translator: You will define, implement and standardize metrics, reports and dashboards whilst focusing on the insights. You will work with Advance Data Science teams to bring rigor and adaptability in approach and translate them into meaningful insights, tools and value for the Business
Education & Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Data Analytics, Finance, Advanced Analytics, or related field. Master’s Degree preferred
Additional Requirements 