At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors.
Job Description
Responsible for gathering and integrating large volumes of data, performs analysis, interprets results and develops actionable insights and recommendations for use across the company. Acquires data from multiple data sources to perform analysis. Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends or patterns in complex data to provide answers to business questions as well as provide recommendations for action. Interprets data and analyze results using various statistical techniques and tools. Presents data and analysis in a clear and concise manner allowing the audience to quickly understand the results and recommendations so they activate upon them and make data driven decisions. Collaborate with various partners to provide a holistic view of the analysis. Measures and monitors results of applied recommendations and present adjustments. Ensures all data acquisition, sharing and results of applied recommendations are compliant with company standards.
#LI-REMOTE #REMOTE
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in a related field, or equivalent work experience
5+ years of statistical and/or data analytics experience
Required Skills/Experience:
Working knowledge of analytics and statistical software such as SQL, R, Python, Excel, Hadoop, SAS, SPSS, Geo-spatial tools and others to perform analysis and interpret data
Experience in analytics, advanced analytics/statistics, predictive modeling
Strong analytic skills with the ability to extract, collect, organize, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Preferred Skills/Experience:
Demonstrated project management skills
Effective interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills
If there’s anything we can do to accommodate a disability during any portion of the application or hiring process, please refer to our disability accommodations for applicants .
Benefits:

Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits. We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve. That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family.
Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting careers.usbank.com .
EEO is the Law

Applicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law poster.
E-Verify
U.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program .
Salary range reflected is an estimate of base pay and is for the primary location. Base pay range may vary if an offer is made for work in a different location. Pay Range: $85,255.00 - $100,300.00 - $110,330.00
Due to legal requirements, U.S. Bank requires that the successful candidate hired for some positions be fully-vaccinated for COVID-19, absent being granted an accommodation due to a medical condition, pregnancy, or sincerely held religious belief or other legally required exemption. For these positions, as part of the conditional offer of employment, the successful candidate will be asked to provide proof of vaccination or approval for an accommodation or exemption upon hire.
U.S. Bank will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 