Job Summary:
MaineGeneral Health. We’re With You. Be With Us.

MaineGeneral Health is a comprehensive non-profit system with the mission of enhancing, every day, the health of our patients, our families and our communities.

If you are looking for the opportunity to support your friends, family, and your community through your work at MaineGeneral Health...Come be with us.


The Role: Senior Data Analyst (Remote)

Performs analysis of assigned operations, functions and/or information to provide management with decision support.


The Opportunity:

MaineGeneral Health is seeking a Senior Data Analyst to join our robust finance team! Reporting to the Senior Director of Finance, the ideal candidate serves as a SQL subject-matter-expert and focuses on combining, aggregating, and analyzing data queries.
Job Description:
The Work:
Develops and implements tools for data collection, analysis, reporting and presentation.
Develops and performs routine and ad-hoc reporting to evaluate performance and to identify opportunities for process improvements.
Performs statistical analysis of data extracted from various internal sources and prepares reports based on findings.
Serves as a resource to all levels of management to provide decision support for initiatives, policies and procedures.
Assists with audits/reviews for compliance and opportunities.
Performs special projects and duties as assigned, including critical research, forecasting and conflict resolution.
You Have:
Applicable experience; 3-5 years preferred.
SQL and Strata experience required; Tableau preferred.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
High attention to detail to ensure accuracy and validation.
Excellent interpersonal, written/verbal communication, and technical support skills.
Tableau experience preferred.
Degree in Data Analytics, Statistics, Finance, Information Technology, Mathematics required.
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Scheduled Work Shift:
Day (United States of America)
Job Exempt:
Yes
Benefits:
Supporting all aspects of our employees’ wellness – physical, emotional and financial – is a critical component of being a great place to work. With the wide range of benefits and programs available, employees have the resources they need to be well at every stage of life and plan for the future.
Physical Wellness:
We offer quality health, dental, and vision benefits and wellness programs and resources to provide employees access to resources for a healthy lifestyle and help manage health care costs.
Employees have access to industry-leading leave for new parents.
A generous earned time plan is offered to all employees - We believe employees need and deserve time away from work to observe holiday, be with family, go on vacation, or simply take care of themselves.
Emotional Wellness:
When life gets challenging, employees have access to our Employee Assistance Program for employees and anyone in their household.
Financial Wellness:
An employee discount program is available to all employees for services provided by MaineGeneral Medical Center.
Tuition Reimbursement is available to all employees to further develop skills and career.
We offer eligible employees up to 2% of eligible pay in 403(b) company-matching contributions plus another 2% in the 401(a) retirement income plan.
Three insurance plans are available to protect your family from the sudden loss of income in the event of your death, terminal illness or serious injury from accident.
We offer both short-term and long-term disability insurance to replace a portion of your income if you become disabled and cannot work for a period of time.
Career Mobility:
Helping our employees develop their skills and grow their careers is critical to how we retain our talent and sustain our business. We do this by offering our teammates a variety of leadership-supported programs and learning and development resources for every stage of their professional development. We know that our employees are our most valuable resource – they’re how we grow our business and care for our community.
Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Vet/Disability Assistive technologies are available. Application assistance for those requesting reasonable accommodation to the career site is available by contacting HR at (207) 861-3440 . 