Vaco Technology is currently recruiting for a Data Analytics - Product Owner for a leading manufacturing company. This position is a permanent one with a competitive salary and great benefits package. This position follows a remote work model where the member will also have the opportunity for occasional travel.
As a Product owner you will focus on tactical day to day work ensuring requirements are clearly defined and assist with development tasks to include but not limited to: Data support, training, validation, documentation, and communication.
Responsibilities:
Functional Support
Partner closely with key stakeholders
Define and document requirements in the form of user stories
Own, maintain, and prioritize product backlog
Demonstrate product and process improvement outcomes
Facilitate technical discussions with data engineers
Data Management
Perform data troubleshooting, validation, and support.
Identify root data sources
Perform analysis on ad-hoc reporting
Educate users on how to use the enterprise data warehouse tools and datasets
Key Competencies & Attributes
Ability to develop and leverage drive data to quantitively and analytically make business decisions and take smart risks
Able to think strategically and act tactically
Ability to lead in a matrixed and highly collaborative environment to influence change and core processes
Business curiosity; quick learner with a proactive and agile mindset
Demonstrated experience in leading a diverse team- setting vision, strategy, tactics, and delivery.
Strong change management skills
Proficiency in the use of analytic tools
Education/Experience
High School Graduate or GED required.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Business, Engineering, or related discipline preferred.
IT product management experience.
Agile, preferably Scrum, experience
Experience in Manufacturing environments is a plus
Skills/Abilities
Working knowledge of Azure DevOps
SQL, Power BI, Excel, and SSRS tools
Understanding of Machine Learning Algorithms and Data Sciences techniques are a plus
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment
Strong analytic and problem-solving skills
ABOUT VACO:
Don't think of us as another agency, we are the fast track to your dream role. Vaco opens the door to exclusive clients that you won't find on job boards
Let Vaco advocate for you! When you partner with Vaco, you have an advantage over your competition, because we promote your strengths to the hiring manager, so you are NOT another faceless resume. 