Our Company

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.

We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!
The Opportunity
We are seeking a Data Analyst to join the Adobe Stock Analytics and Insights team. Our team is in charge of supporting product and business teams, delivering insights that help the business make the right decisions.
You will play a critical role within the Adobe Stock team, by collaborating with GTM, Product, and PMM teams to enhance the existing business analytics capabilities, develop critical dashboards, and do deep dives to help inform the key decisions!
Are you ready to accept this challenge?
What you'll Do
Collaborate with product and engineering teams to provide direction on instrumentation, validation of hypothesis, and performing opportunity sizing before launching A/B tests.
Play a pivotal role in the creation of strategic experimentation roadmap partnering with Product teams through analysis across customer lifecycle.
Perform statistical analysis to determine the duration for which an A/B test should be run, gather insights from A/B testing experiments and perform analysis using data from Hadoop to identify more opportunities to perform A/B tests.
Design and implement BI tools such as dashboards in tools like Tableau/Power BI and Adobe Analytics/Web Analytics tool to track the performance of KPIs.
Empower product teams with data and insights on user behavior using Adobe Analytics, SQL, Tableau, and data from Hadoop and succinctly summarize the insights and present them to Product Management, Marketing, and senior leadership.
Ensure correct implementation of analytics needed to track user behavior and validate using SQL and Adobe Analytics.
What you need to succeed
3+ years of Data Analyst experience.
Strong Data Analytics and Statistics skills.
Expertise in SQL or Hive.
Expertise with Tableau or similar visualization tools.
Experience with A/B Testing analysis is a must-have.
Expertise with Web Analytics Tools like Adobe Analytics/Google Analytics is preferred.
Phenomenal attention to detail and ability to synthesize, visualize, and communicate your ideas and insights to others.
Experience with Python, R, or any other scripting language is a plus.
Experience building predictive models is a plus. 