LOCATION 4287 Route 130 S Edgewater Park NJ US 08010
Overview
Come join our growing team at Burlington Stores as an Analytics Translator II! The Analytics Translator II will support business areas including Merchandising, Allocations, Marketing, IT and Supply Chain Analytics teams with insights gained from analyzing Burlington and external data by bridging the technical expertise of data scientists with the operational expertise of business consumers. Must have strong interpersonal and relationship building skills & strong written and verbal communication skills. Bridge the technical expertise of data scientists with the operational expertise of business for the data and analytics team.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Develop relationships with business teams to help them understand the value of analytics and organically build the analytics demand pipeline
Help business leaders craft questions to generate maximum value using analytics
Help data scientists/business teams write those questions into user stories; Translate business questions and goals to data scientists and help them design the analytics solutions
Translate the analytics solutions back to the business to ensure its actionable and business can drive value from those insights
Help track benefits of these insights to leadership to drive adoption; Manage analytics score card and help it become a leadership tool to drive value
Bring Data + Design concepts to bring empathy to data; Bring data analytics story telling best practices to the team
Become a data SMEs with time to help expedite analytics problem solving
Help with analytics use case prioritization and build prioritization framework over time
Education and Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in a business field
5-7 years of experience in data analytics
Skills and Abilities:
Strong communication skills
Self-starter, intellectuality curious; comfortable in pushing the conventional thinking to drive change by building relationships
Working knowledge of Python, SQL, Tableau and similar tools
Working knowledge of cloud platform
Experience connecting business landscapes to Analytics/AI findings to sculpt strategies
Deep understanding of business questions and environment and the use case implication
Passion for driving business value add using data
Prior Retail domain experience preferred
If you…
…are excited to deliver great values to customers every day;
…take a sense of pride and ownership in helping drive positive results for a team;
…are committed to treating colleagues and customers with respect;
…believe in the power of diversity and inclusion;
…want to participate in initiatives that positively impact the world around you;
Come join our team. You’re going to like it here!
You will enjoy a competitive wage and comprehensive benefit package including a generous paid time off plan, a company matched 401(k) and an associate discount. We are a rapidly growing brand and provide a variety of professional development opportunities so our associates can grow with us. We work hard and have fun together! Burlington associates make a difference in the lives of customers, colleagues, and the communities where we live and work every day. Burlington Stores, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer committed to workplace diversity.
\#LI-TG1
Posting Number 2021-155650
Location US-NJ-Edgewater Park
Address 4287 Route 130 S
Zip Code 08010
Workplace Type Remote
Position Type Regular Full-Time
Posted Date 7/16/2021 11:28 AM
Career Site Category Corporate
Position Category Information Technology
Evergreen Yes 