United States
Digital
Group Functions
Job Reference #
262322BR
City
New York, Stamford, Weehawken
Type
Graduate GTP/Full-Time Analyst
Your role
Do you want to be part of the future of banking? Are you passionate about developing new solutions based on AI, machine learning and new data analytics technologies?


As part of our brand new Data Science Graduate Talent Program, you’ll

collaborate with the business to assess opportunities for AI / data analytics technologiesdevelop, maintain, and deploy machine learning & natural language processing pipelines and modelssupport AI / data analytics solution implementation and deploymentgather information through surveying, analyzing, and evaluating processes, products and services
Your team
We’re a team of pioneers who have the unique opportunity to further shape and establish our footprint in the organization, as the Artificial Intelligence, Data & Analytics (ADA) Centre of Expertise. Together, we create a culture defined by curiosity, responsibility and engagement where everyone is empowered and inspired to drive extraordinary innovation at speed.

We partner with business professionals and data scientist teams across the bank to build, leverage and scale innovative data and AI solutions and unlock the hidden value and insights in our data. We’re constantly expanding our technical expertise into new areas, thus advancing and expanding the ADA ecosystem at UBS.
Your expertise
You need to be in the final year of your bachelor or master's degree in data science, statistics, mathematics, computer science, economics – or have gained relevant skills in data science through courses, projects or work experience.

In particular you have:
intermediate proficiency in at least one programming language (e.g., Python, Java, SQL, C# or C++)experience using analytical and visualization software is a plusexperience in financial services or technology is a plus
Your Program
Our Graduate Talent Program lasts 18 months. You’ll be directly involved in day-to-day operations, working with professionals and gaining first-hand experience of our business. You’ll start with an in-depth training course, which will be intensive and fun. It will build on your university coursework and explore how we use data science in financial services. Throughout the program you’ll rotate across at least two different functions. To forge strong bonds with your graduate class and analytical experts around the firm, you’ll be part of our global AI guild. Continuous education will allow you to build career-enhancing skills and broaden business knowledge.
About us
UBS is the world’s largest and only truly global wealth manager. We operate through four business divisions: Global Wealth Management, Personal & Corporate Banking, Asset Management and the Investment Bank. Our global reach and the breadth of our expertise set us apart from our competitors.

With more than 70,000 employees, we have a presence in all major financial centers in more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us?
Join us
At UBS, we embrace flexible ways of working when the role permits. We offer different working arrangements like part-time, job-sharing and hybrid (office and home) working. Our purpose-led culture and global infrastructure help us connect, collaborate, and work together in agile ways to meet all our business needs.

From gaining new experiences in different roles to acquiring fresh knowledge and skills, we know that great work is never done alone. We know that it's our people, with their unique backgrounds, skills, experience levels and interests, who drive our ongoing success. Together we’re more than ourselves. Ready to be part of #teamUBS and make an impact?
Disclaimer / Policy Statements
UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce. 