At Freddie Mac, you will do important work to build a better housing finance system and you’ll be part of a team helping to make homeownership and rental housing more accessible and affordable across the nation.
Employees, contingent workers and visitors are no longer required to show proof of vaccination to be on-site. Effective January 2023, Freddie Mac’s hybrid work arrangement is 3 days in the office (specifically Tuesday, Wednesday & Thursday).
Position Overview:
Are you someone who enjoys working with numbers, data, technology every day? Do you have a passion to design intuitive reports and dashboards to support data driven decisions? If you are a seasoned data wrangler looking for a change this could be the perfect opportunity for you! Apply to join Freddie Mac’s Strategic Investment Management department in this newly created role as a Data Analytics Senior.
Our Impact:
The team is responsible for designing new intuitive reports and dashboards to support an enterprise-wide change effort to standardize financial reporting to enable enhanced transparency into Technology spend at Freddie Mac.
Your Impact:
You will have the opportunity to design new standardized dashboards and reports that will be applied across Freddie Mac to better understand Technology spend.
Qualifications:
MS/BS in Data Science, Data Analytics, Business Analytics, Accounting, and/or Finance
5+ years in one or more of the following:
Data wrangling, data manipulation, visualizations, dashboarding, and reporting
Working with financial systems, management information systems, data warehouses, data marts, and/or relational databases to develop business intelligence
Working with customers to define business requirements
Implementing technical solutions based on business requirements
Working through the software development lifecycle (SDLC)
Developing SQL, Tableau Desktop/Server, Python, Hyperion Smartview, and/or Advanced Excel
Working in an Agile team leveraging JIRA for work management
Working with non-relational data structures and tools such as (Data Lake, Dremio, JSON, etc.)
2+ years mentoring/training junior staff in acquisition of technical skills
Keys to Success in this Role:
Enjoys working with numbers and financial data
Strong attention to detail
Personality type that thrives in a team oriented, start-up type environment
Can easily shift focus between high priority tasks as required
Intellectually curious
Actively seeks out opportunities to expand professional knowledge and network
Leverages acquired knowledge into continuous process improvement activity
Actively seek opportunities to continuously improve quality of technology solutions
Willingness to acquire and develop technical skills in SQL, Tableau, Python, programming, etc.
Ability to train/mentor junior staff in acquisition of technical skills
Current Freddie Mac employees please apply through the internal career site.
Today, Freddie Mac makes home possible for one in four home borrowers and is one of the largest sources of financing for multifamily housing. Join our smart, creative and dedicated team and you’ll do important work for the housing finance system and make a difference in the lives of others.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We will ensure that individuals with differing abilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Notice to External Search Firms: Freddie Mac partners with BountyJobs for contingency search business through outside firms. Resumes received outside the BountyJobs system will be considered unsolicited and Freddie Mac will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. If interested in learning more, please visit www.BountyJobs.com and register with our referral code: MAC.
Time-type:Full time
Job Category:Data Management
FLSA Status:Exempt
Freddie Mac provides anticipated base salary ranges where required by law. 