Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
Join our Personalization Team, as a Senior Data Scientist, which works on solving recommendations, ranking, user condition predictions, and search problems. We are KPIs driven team that leverages Machine Learning (ML) to provide a personalized experience. In this team, you would work with brilliant data scientists and engineers to build end-to-end solutions to meet product needs. We are also very passionate about our engineering excellence and pride ourselves of releasing solid solutions to production. We leverage state of art machine learning and strive for low latency solutions.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Apply advanced statistical and predictive modeling techniques to data related to the optimization of healthcare and digital experiences
Propose innovative ways to look at problems using data mining, statistical analysis and machine learning
Communicate findings, verbally and visually, to business partners and clients
Seek out new data sources and verify integrity of data that fill gaps and improve models
Support business needs around analytics, predictive modeling and business intelligence
Collaborate effectively with internal clients, transforming their needs into data science use cases
Provide on-going tracking and monitoring of performance of statistical models and recommend ongoing improvements to methods and algorithms
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Master’s degree in computer science, applied mathematics, (bio) statistics, applied statistics, economics, or similar quantitative fields of study
Hands-on experience in developing analytics with machine learning, deep learning, NLP, and/or other related modeling techniques
Skilled in python, tensorflow, pytorch and/or pyspark
Ability to translate business need and requirements into technical solutions
Ability to turn state-of-art research into production level codes
Preferred Qualifications:
Ph.D. degree in computer science, applied mathematics, (bio) statistics, applied statistics, economics, or similar quantitative fields of study
Experience in developing and deploying models related to recommender system, NLP and time series forecasting
Experience in developing algorithms for search engines (e.g. name entity recognition, intent classification, spell correction, autocompletion), cold-start recommendation, semi-supervised learning (e.g. positive unlabeled learning)
Solid analytical and problem-solving skills
To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment
Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $82,100 to $146,900. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $90,500 to $161,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. 