Summary
Posted: Feb 2, 2022
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:200337270
The Apple Services is an exciting environment and a fast growing business with our recent launch of AppleTV+ and Fitness+ services. With customers in 155 countries, we are a thriving marketplace for Apps, Video, Music, Books - and, of course Fitness. Key to success of these data driven products and services that are delighting our customers everyday is accurate and timely data and insights derived from customer experience and engagements. Without accurate data, our product features are flying blind and lack the capability to improve and innovate for our customers. Without the right frameworks and systems to collect and process that data efficiently with thoughtful approaches to data privacy we will not be successful. Our Analytics Data Engineering team is responsible for building analytics platforms, production implementations of machine learning models , datasets and processes required in Apple for analyzing and enhancing our product experience. This means that we build computation platforms and datasets to empower our product features, analytics and data science. Given the size and complexity of our datasets this is not a trivial task. Our business, analysts and product teams depend on this data, and as a member of this team you would be at the center of product innovation. We are looking for a data engineering leader who can partner with our product, business analysts & engineering teams to deliver data engineering solutions for Video external analytics and royalty reporting. Your team of data engineers will directly interact with product engineers, business operations and analytics leaders to build product insights, analytic applications and reports for our partners. Whether your team builds new patterns and algorithms for efficient processing of datasets with billions of records or delivers new insights for Video, you will have the opportunity to lead and grow a team of world class engineers. The projects you and your team will be working on will be truly impactful. You will have freedom to innovate as you work closely with our partners to see the big picture, and figure out innovative ways to deliver the results. The best person will be an individual with exceptional leadership skills with hands-on-experience in Data Engineering. Our team is geographically diverse. We’re looking for someone whose "people skills" complement their technical skills, someone who loves improving things as much as building things, and someone who is passionate about discovering new ways to accelerate the rate at which we can improve our products. If this sounds like you, join our team!
Key Qualifications
You're ambitious and willing to take action, but not stubborn. You recognize when you're wrong and move past your own mistakes.
You’re not afraid of hard conversations and sharing your perspective.
You are a strong leader but your team & colleagues see your humility.
You’re allergic to micromanagement. You prefer to give context, delegate, and watch amazing people exceed your hopes and expectations.
You listen and communicate well.
You have used big data technologies (i.e. Spark/MapReduce/Hadoop/Pig, etc…) and built large scale data pipelines
You have experience working with data at extreme scale
You have a software engineering background with significant coding experience (Java or Scala)
You have used SQL and reporting tools in your career and are analytically savvy.
Description
As a senior manager for the new Video Data engineering team, you will not only be responsible for delivering data engineering solutions with your team but also develop and influence the strategic direction of the team. You will work with multi-functional teams and leaders to innovate new values that can positively impact our business and partners. RESPONSIBILITIES: Engineering: You have a strong development background and can provide technical leadership to the team. Capable of contributing to design and development of complex data engineering problems. Be able to provide feedback and collaborate with the team, perform code review. Recruiting: You will be responsible to find talent and have the ability to recognize and attract top-tier engineers to your team. You understand the importance of building an amazing team and the value it brings to the overall company. Coach: You see people’s strengths/weaknesses and are both committed and courageous in talking with them about it. Visionary: You intuitively understand business and technology and you demonstrate that to guide a team providing relevant context and inspiration. Partnership: You establish strong relationships with both business and technical leaders across organizations.
Education & Experience
B.S., M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, or equivalent. 5+ years of experience managing engineering functions and teams.
Additional Requirements 