Responsibilities
TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok has global offices including Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul and Tokyo.

Why Join Us
At TikTok, our people are humble, intelligent, compassionate and creative. We create to inspire - for you, for us, and for more than 1 billion users on our platform. We lead with curiosity and aim for the highest, never shying away from taking calculated risks and embracing ambiguity as it comes. Here, the opportunities are limitless for those who dare to pursue bold ideas that exist just beyond the boundary of possibility. Join us and make impact happen with a career at TikTok.

Team Introduction
We're the TikTok Monetization Products data science team, who enables and champions data driven decision making. To maximize user value, advertiser value, creator value, and platform value with data, we partner closely with cross-functional teams to work on the following main pillars: Core Ads & Brand Innovation, Ecosystem, Ads Interfaces, Measurement & Vertical Solutions, Business Integrity, SMB Growth, PSO Analytics, and TTP Analytics & Ops. In addition, we co-build Experimentation with the China Monetization DS team.

We are looking for talented individuals to join our team in 2023. As a graduate, you will get unparalleled opportunities for you to kickstart your career, pursue bold ideas and explore limitless growth opportunities. Co-create a future driven by your inspiration with TikTok.

Successful candidates must be able to commit to one of the following start dates below:
1. January 16, 2023
2. February 6, 2023
3. March 6, 2023
4. May 22, 2023
5. June 12, 2023
6. July 17, 2023
7. August 14, 2023
We will prioritize candidates who are able to commit to these start dates. Please state your availability and graduation date clearly in your resume.

Application deadline: February 15th, 2023
Candidates can apply to a maximum of two positions and will be considered for jobs in the order you apply. The application limit is applicable to TikTok and its affiliates' jobs globally. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis - we encourage you to apply early.

Technical Assessment
Candidates who pass resume evaluation will be invited to participate in TikTok's technical online assessment in HackerRank.

Responsibilities

Build new features that touch hundreds of millions of people around the world
Solve unique, large-scale, highly complex technical problems
Partner with PMs, designers, engineers from different teams on building backend support for mobile application
Participate in technical discussions related to team's product and engineering work

Qualifications

Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related fields or equivalent practical experience
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related fields or equivalent practical experience
Final year or recent graduate with a background in Software Development, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical discipline
Experience with coding in Python, Java, Golang, C#, or C++
Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment.

Preferred Qualifications:

Demonstrated software engineering experience from previous internship, work experience, coding competitions, or publications
Curiosity towards new technologies and entrepreneurship
High levels of creativity and quick problem-solving capabilities

TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations during our recruitment process. If you need assistance or an accommodation, please reach out to us at Accommodations-AMS@tiktok.com.

By submitting an application for this role, you accept and agree to our global applicant privacy policy, which may be accessed here: https://careers.tiktok.com/legal/privacy. 