About the team
Zillow is redefining real estate by empowering people to unlock life's next chapter. The Analytics Data Engineering team, part of Zillow Group Data & Analytics, contributes by building pipelines and data tools that empower teams by providing access to high-quality datasets at scale. We achieve this goal by building and deploying highly scalable, schema-conscious pipelines with standard methodologies around data quality. We enable consumers to efficiently self-serve data for business reporting, machine-learning training/inference, data science models, and everyday business decision-making.
About the role
As a Data Architect in the Zillow Analytics Data Engineering Team, you will lead the architecture, design and development of data projects from end-to-end. In addition, you will:
Define data flow architecture for Zillow Analytics data
Build Data Engineering solutions to support ZG Data warehouse and critical business metrics.
Define Data Engineering best practices and guidelines.
Work with Product teams architecture data events for analytics
Work with other architects to design data engineering solutions
Facilitate engineering discussions across the organization
Participate in an inclusive, energetic and highly multi-functional team.
This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $181,000.00 - $289,100.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location. Actual amounts will vary depending on experience, performance and location.
Who you are
8+ years software development experience with very high proficiency in Python or Scala and SQL.
Led the design/implementation of config driven, scalable, reliable services and big data workflows/pipelines using EMR, Kafka, Spark, Hive, Airflow or equivalents
Experience working in stream processing frameworks such as Flink, Storm or Amazon Kinesis
Experienced in establishing and promoting high standards in pipeline monitoring, data validation, testing, etc.
Experience in creating efficient data models for Analytical/Operational usage
Collaborate with engineers, product managers, data scientists and analysts on mission critical data needs to build world-class datasets
Find opportunities to evangelize and support existing data processes
Contribute back to common tooling/infrastructure
Passionate about data engineering / analytics and distributed systems.
Excellent interpersonal skills and passionate about collaborating across organizational boundaries.
Comfortable distilling informal customer requirements into problem definitions, resolving ambiguity and balancing challenging objectives.
Passionate about mentorship, and coaching/onboarding/leading teammates.
A degree in Computer Science or a related technical field; or equivalent work experience
Get to know us
Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.
As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list.
Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.
Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter. 