Discover. A brighter future.
With us, you’ll do meaningful work from Day 1. Our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: We Play to Win, We Get Better Every Day & We Succeed Together. And we mean it — we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. We value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine.
Come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future with Discover.
Job Description
About Internal Audit
Discover’s Internal Audit Department (IAD) is committed to providing insightful perspectives, leveraging specialized talent, and delivering a refreshing experience to all of our stakeholders. These commitments are met through technically skilled professionals who are collaborative, hard-working, and highly motivated to consistently deliver high-quality work in a challenging and fast-paced environment. IAD is viewed as an integral part of Discover’s risk management framework and is valued by management as a trusted partner.
Summary:
Join a group of inquisitive, specialized, inspiring Model Risk Data Scientists who are dedicated to building and sustaining a dynamic, innovative, and collaborative modeling culture. Our team is focused on risk identification and remediation in a landscape filled with state-of-the-art modeling techinques, advances in model interpretability and fairness, and what lies beyond. As a Model Risk Data Science team member, you’ll have full vantage of the end-to-end modeling process to monitor emerging risks, detect issues and themes in process outcomes, and contribute thought leadership to advance modeling capabilities throughout the organization.
Responsibilities:
Design and autonomously execute moderately complex model risk data analytics objectives based on defined or undefined requirements
Assess suitable data sources for benchmarking and model output data quality for fitness of use in analytical tests
Conduct peer review and provide effective challenge to test logic/execution
Produce technical documentation as well as narratives to support test detail documentation
Effectively communicate test results and data issues, trend across projects to internal teams
Provide analytics support to auditors in performing risk assessment of business activities, exposures, and the materiality of loss
Minimum Qualifications
At a minimum, here’s what we need from you:
Bachelor’s Degree in Analytics, Engineering, or Statistics
2+ years of experience in Credit Risk, Fraud Risk, Marketing Analytics, Optimization, Operations Analytics, Modeling/Data Science or related field
Preferred Qualifications
If we had our say, we’d also look for:
Master’s Degree in Analytics, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or related field
Experience in Credit Risk, Fraud Risk, Marketing Analytics, Optimization, Operations Analytics, Modeling/Data Science or related field
#LI-EB1 #Remote #BI-Remote
What are you waiting for? Apply today!
The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover. 