12 weeks of onsite training then the option to work from home if in good standing.


* Must live within 50 miles of New Albany Location as is onsite for 12 weeks*


Aetna One Advocate is Aetna’s premier service and clinical offering for Aetna nation-wide and creates industry-leading solutions for our customers and members. The model is a fully integrated population health and customer service solution for large plan sponsors high-touch, high-tech member advocacy service which combines data-driven processes with the expertise of highly trained clinical and concierge member services. The mission of this model is designed to meet each member at every aspect of their health care journey. Our embedded customer-dedicated service and clinical pods allow maximization of inbound and outbound touchpoints to solve members’ needs and create behavior change. Our data analytics, white-glove service and end-to-end ownership of member support creates a trusted partner in health.

This is an exciting time to join Aetna a CVS Health company in our journey to change the way healthcare is delivered today. We are health care innovators!

Service Advocates engage members through personalized, premium and frequent touchpoints to deliver a simple, powerful, and proactive member experience, we call this Advocacy. Our specialized advocate teams address all members’ needs – from benefits and network services to clinical and emotional support – all backed by local resources right in the member’s community. In one simple word, we “Advocate” on behalf of our members. We own their healthcare journey and we won’t stop until they are satisfied. Every interaction is handled with the utmost care, consideration and passion for the members we serve.

Pay Range
The typical pay range for this role is:
Minimum: 17.02
Maximum: 27.16

Please keep in mind that this range represents the pay range for all positions in the job grade within which this position falls. The actual salary offer will take into account a wide range of factors, including location.

Required Qualifications
6 plus months in customer service role

COVID Requirements

COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement
CVS Health requires certain colleagues to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 (including any booster shots if required), where allowable under the law, unless they are approved for a reasonable accommodation based on disability, medical condition, religious belief, or other legally recognized reasons that prevents them from being vaccinated.


You are required to have received at least one COVID-19 shot prior to your first day of employment and to provide proof of your vaccination status or apply for a reasonable accommodation within the first 10 days of your employment. Please note that in some states and roles, you may be required to provide proof of full vaccination or an approved reasonable accommodation before you can begin to actively work.

Preferred Qualifications
Strong written & verbal communication skills required
Ability to multi-task, prioritize and effectively adapt to a fast paced changing environment required
Demonstrated organizational and communication skills required
Intermediate typing skills – 50 WPM strongly desired
Ability to seamlessly, multi-task while using multiple systems, to efficiently provide service to members
Deep problem solving skills with demonstrated ownership of issue resolution
Possess top-notch people skills – listening, caring, connecting, empathy, and supporting
Highly perceptive individual with strong self-awareness and empathy in interacting with various audiencesDemonstrated propensity for responsiveness and a sense of urgency when helping members
Demonstrated ability to uphold Aetna’s values of caring, inspiration, integrity, and excellence in each member interaction and in building team cohesiveness
Strong skillset in the use of the suite of Microsoft Office tools strongly desired
Ability to work effectively in a team environment required
Ability to learn and retain in a complex environmentCustomer service experience preferred

Education
High School Diploma or G.E.D required - College degree or equivalent work experience strongly preferred

Business Overview
Bring your heart to CVS Health
Every one of us at CVS Health shares a single, clear purpose: Bringing our heart to every moment of your health. This purpose guides our commitment to deliver enhanced human-centric health care for a rapidly changing world. Anchored in our brand — with heart at its center — our purpose sends a personal message that how we deliver our services is just as important as what we deliver.

Our Heart At Work Behaviors™ support this purpose. We want everyone who works at CVS Health to feel empowered by the role they play in transforming our culture and accelerating our ability to innovate and deliver solutions to make health care more personal, convenient and affordable.

We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day.

CVS Health is an affirmative action employer, and is an equal opportunity employer, as are the physician-owned businesses for which CVS Health provides management services. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, promotion, or any other personnel action based on race, ethnicity, color, national origin, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 