Mutual of Omaha's Data engineers focus on data warehouses, development and data integration with our next-gen insurance and financial applications as we move to AWS cloud. You will improve how millions of people interact with our products, the way business partners support our customers and use data, as well as explore new technologies to better meet those needs.

Its a mission that takes some serious smarts, intense curiosity and determination to be the best. Come be part of the team who makes it possible.
WHAT YOU'LL DO:
Research, design, build, optimize and maintain reliable, efficient and accessible data systems, data pipelines, and/or models.
Support, with guidance, the analytic and/or operational use of data.
Align closely with Enterprise partners in data science, architecture, governance, infrastructure, and security to apply standards and optimize production environments and practices.
Collaborate with business owners to optimize data collection, storage and usage to maximize the value of information within supported systems.
Translate business needs into data architecture solutions, designing and implementing in production environments within supported data systems.
Implement data orchestration pipelines, data sourcing, cleansing, augmentation and quality control processes within supported data systems.
Deploy applications to production in partnership with business units.
Develop, test and integrate new data features and functionality as defined by the product owners and business teams

This job posting is reflective of the Engineer I essential functions, qualifications, and physical requirements. The Engineer II level has variable essential functions, qualifications and physical requirements. Competency and skill set will determine level of placement within the posted job family.
ABOUT YOU:
Professionally impacted solution development and implementation over the last three or more years with:
AWS
Glue, Athena, API Gateway
SQL (experience with NoSQL preferred)
Unit testing with Jest or other JavaScript testing frameworks
RESTful API Development
Desire and willingness to learn Snowflake for future migrations
Understands the Agile mindset and iterative development process
You:
Help promote a culture of diversity and inclusion within the department and the larger organization
Value different ideas and opinions
Listen courageously and remain curious in all that you do
You are able to work remotely and have access to high-speed internet
Located in the United States and territories
We recognize that people come with diverse experience and talent beyond just the requirements of the job. Diversity of experience and skills combined with passion is a key to innovation and excellence. If your experience is relevant to what you see listed, please consider applying - wed love to hear from you!
VALUABLE EXPERIENCE:
AWS CDK and/or other AWS services
Snowflake
Mulesoft
Experience with Git and CICD pipelines
Relational database design
Microservices / Containers (Docker, Kubernetes)
Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services (IICS)
Extract, Load, Transform (ELT)
Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe)
WHAT WE CAN OFFER YOU:
A diverse workplace where associates feel a sense of belonging. To learn more about our commitment of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, please visit our website
An organization that feels like a small, close-knit community and has the strength of a Fortune 300 company.
Tuition reimbursement, training and career development.
Comprehensive benefits plan that includes medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance.
Flexible spending accounts for healthcare and childcare needs.
401(k) plan with a 2% company contribution and 6% company match.
Competitive pay with an opportunity for incentives for all associates.
Flexible work schedules with a healthy amount of paid time off.
For more information regarding available benefits, please visit our Career Site.
Estimated Salary: $85,000 - $130,000
Pay commensurate with experience.
Recognized as a certified Great Place to Work®.
MUTUAL OF OMAHA:
Mutual of Omaha serves more than 4.8 million individual product customers and 39,000 employer groups. Our legacy of stability creates an environment where every associate is encouraged to experiment, innovate and grow in their own unique career path.
From day one, youll have the tools to be your best self at work. Here youll do meaningful work and your talents will have a positive impact on peoples lives as we help our customers protect what they care about and achieve their financial goals.
Each associate is a unique contributor to creating a diverse, dynamic, thriving and inclusive workplace. We want you to become engaged … feel a sense of belonging … and contribute to the companys exceptional future.
For inquiries about the position or application process, contact our HR Helpline at 1-800-365-1405.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career center as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation, contact a Human Resources Representative at 1-800-780-0304. We are available Monday through Friday 7 am to 4:30 pm CST we will reply within 24 hours.
Mutual of Omaha and its affiliates are an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
To All Recruitment Agencies: We do not accept unsolicited agency resumes and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
Circa 