Qualifications*EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE*Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Data Science, Business Analytics, Mathematics or related field is required. A master’s degree or doctorate degree is highly desired. Six years of progressively responsible experience working in a statistically oriented research field, such as survey research, database analysis or actuarial research. Experience should include creating and optimizing business intelligence datasets and dashboards, quantitative analysis, operations, project management or related fields. Extensive knowledge and application of data analysis software (e.g. R. Stata), data visualization software (e.g. SQL, R, Python, etc.) and conducting advanced data analytics (e.g. Multivariate statistics, network and cluster analysis, forecasting, machine learning and pattern matching). Must be able to work independently and collectively as a team. Excellent written and verbal communication skills required. Experience working in a public or transit environment is desired. Directly related work experience may be substituted on a year-for-year basis in-lieu of educational requirement.Basic FunctionsS UMMARY: The Senior Performance Analyst serves as lead professional in validating data, managing databases, as well as collecting, analyzing and reporting pertinent data. This position may be required to design and/or manage databases, performance dashboards and statistical models. Serves as consultant to Senior and Executive Management team members and the Board of Directors on Authority-wide matters. Provides information to Executive level staff for short-term and long-term financial planning. The Senior Performance Analyst is responsible for training Performance Analysts, Research Professionals and other staff on appropriate projects. Has responsibility for the completion of methodologies and project designs for research projects for the Authority, providing project design including appropriate methodology, moderation and reporting for all qualitative research projects. Employee may serve as Manager in an “acting” capacity when needed.ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIESThe Senior Performance Analyst serves as lead professional in validating data, managing databases, as well as collecting, analyzing and reporting pertinent data.Serves as consultant to Senior and Executive Management team members and the Board of Directors on Authority-wide matters. Provides information to Executive level staff for short-term and long-term financial planning.Integrates data from multiple databases, using statistically valid methodologies; establishes desired sample sizes, permissible error limits, and confidence intervals for survey research projects, including those impacting Federal Funding Formula.Develops business process maps and workflows to identify potential roadblocks and/or challenges that may impact operational performance. Designs and maintains data dashboards.Designs and implements strategies to develop workflows, support change management, collect feedback and explore workforce development opportunities with internal and external stakeholders. Builds collaborative relationships with business units to ensure that data and research needs are met.Responsible for the completion of methodologies and project designs for various projects Authority-wide, providing project design including appropriate methodology, moderation and reporting.Responsible for timely and accurate internal and external reporting, including mandatory data reporting.Oversees the analysis of major research and/or performance data, including the responsibility for major Office reports, monthly, quarterly and annually.Performs other duties as assigned.Special RequirementsSUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIESServes as lead worker in validating data and managing databases. Employee may serve as Manager in an “acting” capacity when needed.*Please be advised that a COVID-19 vaccination is a condition of employment. A copy of your COVID-19 Vaccination Record Card will be required on your employment start date. MARTA will make accommodations for medical and religious-based exemptions.**MARTA is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.*ClassificationExemptExemptNumber of Openings1Reports ToMGR TRANSIT RESEARCH & ANLYSISMGR TRANSIT RESEARCH & ANLYSISSalary Range$60,778-$75,973-$91,168Salary Grade0001900019Work Hours37.5Work DaysPosting TypeBoth Internal and ExternalJob Type: Full-timePay: $60,778.00 - $75,973.00 per yearBenefits:401(k) matchingDental insuranceHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftCOVID-19 considerations:Please be advised that a COVID-19 vaccination is a condition of employment. A copy of your COVID-19 Vaccination Record Card will be required on your employment start date. MARTA will make accommodations for medical and religious-based exemptions.Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Experience:statistically-oriented research: 6 years (Preferred)in Public Transportation analysis: 2 years (Preferred)writing code to process data using R, Python or VBA: 4 years (Preferred)producing maps/spatial analysis (ArcGIS): 3 years (Preferred)using data visualization software-Power BI or Tableau: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location: One location 