There are over 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we're all about at John Deere. And it's why we're investing in our people and our technology like never before! Here the world's brightest minds are tackling the world's biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we'll put you to work. RIGHT NOW.
John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identify or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
Primary Location: United States (US) - Iowa - Davenport
Function: Data Science & Analytics
Title: Part-Time Student-Data Analytics-Davenport IA #88343
Onsite/Remote:Onsite Position
The Part-Time Student Program is primarily designed to augment the Company’s regular full-time staff and is for students who work in parallel to their school schedule YEAR-ROUND.
Your Responsibilities
Explores new analytical problems and develop creative solutions using data and analytics.
Ingests, evaluates, and prepares data for use in algorithms and solutions.
Creates analysis tools and dynamic visualizations to accelerate insight generation for our customers.
Researches new analysis and visualization methodologies alongside domain subject matter experts from areas such as agronomy, engineering and UX.
Communicates findings and methodologies to stakeholders at multiple levels.
What Skills You Need
Ideally you will be pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems, or an Engineering field others may apply
Must be registered as a full-time student at a local accredited university
Graduation date of May 2023 or later
Cumulative GPA of 2.8 or above
Available to work 16-20 hours/week during the academic year
Available to work 35-40 hours/week during the summer semester
Must be able to commute to the work location on a daily basis in Davenport, Iowa, year-round
Knowledge of databases (SQL, DB2, Sharepoint), Advanced Excel (Macros, Visual Basic)
Knowledge coding Python, C, C++ or similar
What Makes You Stand Out (Desired skills/experiences)
Experience programming in multiple languages Python, Visual Basic, SQL
Understanding of AGILE methodology
Knowledge of computer vision and machine learning
What You'll Get
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go while working in an inclusive team environment. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. Additionally, we offer a comprehensive reward package to help you get started on your new career path, including:
Flexible work arrangements
Highly competitive base pay and performance bonuses
Savings & Retirement benefits (401K and Defined Benefit Pension)
Healthcare benefits with a generous company contribution in the Health Savings Account
Adoption assistance
Employee Assistance Programs
Tuition assistance
Fitness subsidies and on-site gyms at specific Deere locations
Charitable contribution match
Employee Purchase Plan & numerous discount programs for personal use
Click Here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.
The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.
The terms of the applicable benefit plans, and all company actions administering or interpreting these plans, continue to control. Deere & Company reserves the right to suspend, amend, modify, or terminate the Plan(s) in any manner at any time, including the right to modify or eliminate any cost-sharing between the company and participants. Changes, which can be made at any time, are made by action of the company's board of directors, or to the extend authorized by resolution of its board of directors, or by the Deere & Company Compensation Committee. In the event of a conflict between the language of the official Plan Documents and this document, the language of the official Plan Documents will control.
ACA Section 1557 Nondiscrimination Notice
The John Deere Health Benefit Plans for Salaried and Wage Employees comply with applicable Federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. 