Job Details
Description
Short Description

The Actuarial Data Entry Temp position is responsible for preparing files for analysis related to our client projects. The ideal candidate is a critical thinker who possesses strong communication, technical, and organizational skills and is considering a career as a Casualty Actuary. This is a part-time temporary position, which is expected to last until May 2023.

Detailed Description

Independent for over 70 years, Milliman delivers market-leading services and solutions to clients worldwide. Today, we are helping companies take on some of the world’s most critical and complex issues, including retirement funding and healthcare financing, risk management and regulatory compliance, data analytics and business transformation.

Through a team of professionals ranging from actuaries to clinicians, technology specialists to plan administrators, we offer unparalleled expertise in employee benefits, investment consulting, healthcare, life insurance and financial services, and property and casualty insurance.

Who We Are

Our office focuses on developing and introducing InsurTech solutions into insurance rating and sales processes, and applying advanced actuarial techniques to develop innovative insurance products for traditional and start-up insurers and the associated state regulatory rate filing support. We also do traditional actuarial work such as ratemaking, reserving, predictive modeling and competitive analysis, plus a variety of special projects.

Role

On a typical assignment, the Actuarial Data Entry position will be responsible for:

A project-based role
Developing spreadsheets
Inputting and manipulating data
Checking work for technical accuracy
Qualifications

Required:

In pursuit of a degree (or recently graduated) in actuarial science, mathematics, data science, statistics, or a relevant major or has relevant experience in personal lines (auto or home)
Technically proficient in Excel

The ideal candidate will have the following attributes:

Service oriented
Quick learner
Team player
Good with detail
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Skills in SAS, R, SQL or Python and predictive modeling are also desirable but not required
Location

This position will be remote or can be based out of a Milliman office if desired (Orange County, Dallas, Pasadena, San Francisco, or Seattle).

Compensation

The salary range is $18to $22, depending on relevant factors, including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, location, etc.

Milliman is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Milliman is fully committed to the maximum utilization of all human resources and the goals of Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action. We recruit, hire, train, promote, and consider qualified applicants for employment, in all job titles without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, creed, familial status, genetic information, marital status, national origin, political ideology, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as an individual with a disability, or veteran status, including qualified disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans; and shall not discriminate against any individual, or any other characteristic protected by law. Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c) 