Company Description
Airbnb’s mission is to create a world where anyone can belong anywhere. We’re now hiring full-time, remote Customer Service Representatives to support our Airbnb program!
Note: We are currently looking for individuals to work from home in the states of Texas, Oklahoma and New Mexico.

Job Description
As a Customer Service Representative, you’ll bring your expertise to deliver exceptional service and solutions to customers through inbound calls in a high-energy environment. You will get to work with leading technologies and systems while having a dedicated team of leaders and peers to support you.
This is the job for you if:
You excel at handling customer inquiries of varying types
You are an active listener and can leverage probing question skills
You have a proven track record for hitting sales targets
You can manage and overcome objections for subscribers’ cancellation and suspend requests to assist in reducing churn
You bring an enthusiastic personality
What we offer:
Competitive pay rate: $15.00/hr
An 8 hour per day shift, 5 days per week (anywhere from 6am-12am PST)
All technical equipment needed to be successful to work remotely
Medical, dental and vision benefits
Paid training & PTO
Advancement opportunities – 80% of our frontline leaders have been promoted from within
Additional pay incentives as well as monthly rewards & recognition programs
Employee Discounts
EAP & Health and Wellness programs including a personal trainer dedicated to Sutherland

Qualifications
Qualified applicants will posses:
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong multitasking abilities
Driven by solving problems and meeting goals
Familiarity with Microsoft Office tools
Experience in customer service and sales
High school diploma or equivalent
 Requirements to work from home:
A quiet and distraction-free, secure place to work.
Excellent Internet connectivity:
Internet access speeds of 2 Mbps upload and 10 Mbps download – the faster the better!
In-house network, and a hard-wired Internet connection capable of continuously supporting outstanding call quality and high-speed response rates.
Wireless and/or satellite Internet Service Providers are not compatible with our systems.
A Smartphone (iOS or Android), 4 years old or newer, in which you will be able and willing to download our app that will be leveraged for company communications.
Additional Information
About us:
As a digital transformation company, Sutherland rethinks and rebuilds processes for the digital age by combining the speed and insight of design thinking with the scale and accuracy of data analytics. We have been helping customers globally, across industries from financial services to healthcare, achieve greater agility through transformed and automated customer experiences for over 35 years.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
EEOC and Veteran Documentation
During employment, employees are treated without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, medical condition or handicap, or any other legally protected status.
At times, government agencies require periodic reports from employers on the sex, ethnicity, handicap, veteran and other protected status of employees. The purpose of this Administrative EEO Record is for statistical analysis only and is used to comply with government record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. Periodic reports are made to the government on the following information. The completion of the Administrative EEO record is optional. If you choose to volunteer the requested information, please note that all
Administrative EEO Records are kept in a Confidential File and are not part of your Application for Employment or Personnel file.
Please note: YOUR COOPERATION IS VOLUNTARY. INCLUSION OR EXCLUSION OF ANY DATA WILL NOT AFFECT ANY EMPLOYMENT DECISION. 