FLEETCOR (NYSE:  FLT) is a leading global provider of workforce payment products and specialized payment services for businesses throughout the world. FLEETCOR’s payment programs enable businesses to better manage and control spending and provide card-accepting merchants with a high-volume customer base that can increase their sales and customer loyalty. FLEETCOR’s product lines include fuel, lodging, tolls and corporate payments.Nvoicepay joined FLEETCOR’s Corporate Payments (Corpay) business line in April 2019. Corpay’s state-of-the-art technology is boldly changing payments by providing straightforward, cloud-based software that automates B2B payments for all payment types – saving our customers money and valuable resources. Our growing business offers our team exciting challenges and opportunities to develop, collaborate and create daily. We hire team players who want to be part of something exceptional and are looking to focus on the customer and innovative solutions.Data Analyst IIProduct  * Nvoicepay Offices, Beaverton, OR (Remote possible)ROLE DESCRIPTIONThe Data Analyst II position is responsible for the gathering, cleaning, management, storage and analysis of data from a variety of sources to assist with the sales process, customer onboarding, supplier enablement, business and financial analysis and service assessment. Data, process and results affect all areas of our business and must be based on tried and replicable processes and reporting. This senior role requires independent evaluation and completion of projects, complete life cycle data generation and reporting with business analysis and work on complex projects that span areas of business.MAIN RESPONSIBILITIESInterpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.Demonstrable knowledge in writing SQL queries with proficiency in scripting stored procedures, views, functions, tables and jobs.Develop and interpret subset databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.Acquire data from Corpay’s data sources and maintain databases/data systems. Work independently on projects and report on findings using business analysis.Use statistical and defined methods to identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Make recommendations based on interpretations.Filter and scrub data by reviewing generated reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems or gather data subsets based on specific criteria; utilize data management tools.Use clean data to create reports for business analysis, Product, Sales, Finance and Operations. Collaborate with teams to identify new data visualization methods, reports and tools. Develop methods for seamlessly gathering, organizing and outputting data based on business need.Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.Identify and define new process improvement opportunities; work with development team to improve data collection and management.Miscellaneous projects or duties as assigned.EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCECollege education or equivalent experience required. Higher education in analysis, statistics, computer science, data or equivalent experience preferred.Minimum of 5 years database and analysis experience in a payment or technical environment.Minimum of 3 years of SQL query writing, 4 years preferredAdvanced computer skills experience with Microsoft Excel and Knowledge of data integrity and architecture required.Familiarity and experience with Business Intelligence platforms and data visualization required, Power BI is preferred.KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIESCritical Thinking, Reasoning and Persuasion— Using logic and reasoning to recognize details of situations, identify solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Persuading others to change their minds or behavior or to try new approaches. The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense. The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events). Ability to identify the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts. Advanced problem-solving skills in analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.Data Manipulation and Verification – Ability to accurately record, verify, audit and follow-up on data within specified time frames. Ability to arrange actions within rules and procedures; ability to develop and refine the rules and procedures with business needs and replicate results.Administrative — Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records in a database, and other office procedures and terminology.Mathematics — Knowledge of arithmetic, financial math, statistics, and their applications.Technology— Knowledge of computer hardware and software, including applications and data driven tools. Ability to learn Corpay’s systems and software. Use of proprietary database products, CRM software (Salesforce), ticketing software (Zendesk), fax and phone systems.Idea Fluency and Originality/ Problem Solving - Exceptional problem-solving skills, with ability to identify and drive win-win solutions. The ability to come up with a number of ideas about a topic. The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions. The ability to come up with unusual or clever ideas about a given topic or situation, or to develop creative ways to solve a problem. Adjusting actions in relation to others' actions. Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.English Language — Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Talking to others to convey information effectively. Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents. Professional level written and verbal communication skills and exceptional relationship building skills. Exceptional written and oral expression and comprehension, including excellent presentation skills with an ability to partner with senior business leaders to understand needs and deliver solutions.Active Listening and Speaking— giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. Talking to others to convey information and procedures effectively.Service Orientation and Social Perceptiveness— actively looking for ways to help people while being aware of others' reactions and understanding why they react as they do.Active Learning — Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making.Time and Task Management — Managing one's own time and the time of others.People and Inclusion — Always striving to drive our business forward by positive and direct communication, collaboration, respect, acceptance and professionalism. Understanding how to give and receive feedback, manage conflict positively and work productively with others to solve problems.WORK SCOPE AND CONTEXTJob is focused on specific area of business with established practices and procedures; job affects many others and many other job roles. Must work with operational timeframes but be flexible to changing priorities. Responsible for ensuring practices and guidelines are modified and updated as needed.Decisions are made within scope of expected knowledge, are moderate to complex in nature and are used to create information for others. Decisions and results affect Enablement, Operations, Implementation, Engineering, business decisions, payments and customers or vendors.Work affects flow, information, process, and decisions of others; may be front-line service and strategic in nature.Job has supervisory responsibility. Requires teamwork, leadership, discretion and deep analysis knowledge and application of data.Contacts are made inside the organization. Internal contacts include the Operations, Implementation, Sales, Executive, Finance and Engineering teams, leads and managers.Position requires regular contact with others - in meetings, by phone or by email. Interactions focus on problem solving, reporting and information exchange. Interactions are initiated both in person or electronically and focus on data and reporting.Information exchange will include confidential or sensitive information. Accuracy, analysis, and reporting are primary objectives of this position.Normal office working conditions. Work requires regular sitting/standing at a desk, working with a computer and a telephone. Job may require hours that exceed 8 hours per day and 40 hours per week during peak periods.JOB ZONEProduct/Data AnalysisProgression:  Analyst Senior AnalystWORKING FOR CorpayCorpay is a growing company that values people. We offer many perks outside of the challenging and satisfying work– a new facility near Portland, Oregon; competitive pay and paid benefits; generous time off policy; flexible dress code; snack and drink pantry; and much more. Our environment is comfortable and welcoming with many common areas and the ability to communicate and solve problems across departments. We are proud of the work we do to help other companies but also value work-life balance.Corpay is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, ancestry, age, veteran status, disability#LI-QB1About the Company: FLEETCOR Technologies, Inc. (“FLEETCOR”) is a leading global provider of business payment solutions. We help companies of all sizes control, simplify and secure payment of various domestic and cross-border payables using specialized payment products. We serve businesses, partners, merchants, consumers and payment networks in North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia Pacific.$2.4B Annual Revenue600,000 Directly Served Business Clients2.6B+ Transactions per Year8,400+ Employees(as of December 31, 2020)Our payment solutions provide our customers with a payment method designed to be superior to and more robust and effective than what they use currently, whether they use a competitor’s product or another alternative method such as cash or check. We group our payment solutions into five primary categories: Fuel, Lodging, Tolls, Corporate Payments and Gift. Each category is unique in its focus, customer base and target markets, but they also share a number of characteristics: customers are primarily businesses, have recurring revenue models, have specialized networks which create barriers to entry, have high margins, and have similar selling systems.FLEETCOR enjoys global recognition including: Forbes Global Growth Champion – FLEETCOR is one of the 250 fastest growing companies in the world as determined by Forbes and StatistaForbes World’s Most Innovative Companies – FLEETCOR has made this prestigious list of leading innovative companies 4 years in a row!Fortune 1000 Company – FLEETCOR was one of the largest movers in the new rankings of the largest companies in America, ranking #872S&P 500 – In 2018, FLEETCOR joined the S&P stock index comprised of the 500 leading US stocks based on market cap (company value)Our VisionDespite many advances in our industry, the majority of business payments are still made with outdated and inferior payment methods, such as checks and cash. We envision a business world where every purchase is controlled, every payment is digital, and every payment-related decision is well-informed. In this future paperless state, payments will require little to no time to manage, leaving companies with more time for what matters most: activities that grow their businesses.Our MissionFLEETCOR’s mission is to provide businesses with a better way to pay, by replacing outdated payment methods such as checks and cash, and displacing the incumbent providers of those methods. Through the digitalization of payments, we create and support robust ecosystems which benefit all participating constituents: payment-making customers, payment-accepting merchants, tax-collecting governments, and FLEETCOR.Our StrategyFLEETCOR is a growth company, and we employ a simple three-prong strategy for growing our business:More Customers. We invest more than $200 million per year in sales and marketing, predominately focused on new customer acquisition. We continue to scale existing sales channels and headcount, enable our sales people with demand generation and other tools, and launch new distribution channels both internally and through partners such as ERP software providers, telematics companies, and banks. We will also grow our customer base inorganically through acquisitions.More Spend. We seek to leverage our existing customer relationships and capture greater share of their business payment expenditures. As such, we have developed various “beyond” initiatives, where we extend the utility of an existing payment product without degrading the core value proposition of the original product. As such, a customer can “buy more stuff” without sacrificing the controls and reporting which attracted the customer to our product to begin with. For example:Our Fuel card customers can enable their cards to allow non-fuel purchases relevant to their business, like allowing a painting crew to buy supplies at a home improvement store, so they can finish the paint job.Our Toll tag customers can use their in-vehicle RFID tags to make other “on the go” purchases like parking, fuel and fast-food.For our customers, these product extensions reduce payment friction, saving them time and operational headaches. For FLEETCOR, these product extensions can increase our share of wallet with existing customers and can increase our products’ appeal and applicability to previously-unserved customer segments (e.g., non-toll urban dwellers). We also create new product offerings, developed internally or in conjunction with partners, to cross-sell to our existing customer base.More Geographies. We continue to seek attractive entry opportunities in major international markets, which we intend to pursue through acquisitions and partnerships.Our Commitment to Diversity, Equality, Inclusion, BelongingTogether we can foster true belonging. We know different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds lead to better innovation and results. We are therefore committed to building and nurturing a culture of diversity, inclusion, and belonging by:Welcoming people of different backgrounds, cultures, ethnicities, genders, and sexual orientations;Empowering our people to share their experiences and ideas through open forums and individual conversations; andValuing each person’s unique perspectives and individual contributions.Embracing diversity enables our people to “make the difference” at FLEETCOR.Our ValuesFLEETCOR’s culture reflects our history of fast growth and our continued drive for results. Our entrepreneurial spirit remains strong across our global workforce, and we reinforce these principles in our five core values:Innovation: Figure out a better wayExecution: Get it done quicklyIntegrity: Do the right thingPeople: We make the differenceCollaboration: Accomplish more togetherThese values guide all of our employees and are infused in all aspects of our Company. We are, as a team, united through these shared values and our mission to provide “a better way to pay.”Our values foster an inclusive culture through the expectation that all employees will treat each other with respect and appreciate the diversity of identities, thoughts, backgrounds and styles. Our commitment to fostering an inclusive culture has never been more essential than in this moment of national reflection. We must always celebrate the diversity of our company and our communities.We strongly believe that the quality and diversity of our workforce provide FLEETCOR with a competitive advantage, and that our problem-solving and solution-building efforts are greatly enhanced when we harness the collective thinking of a diverse group of people with unique experiences and perspectives.FLEETCOR’s COVID-19 Hiring Guidelines: Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are temporarily working from home. In addition, FLEETCOR implemented a virtual interviewing and hiring process, engaging with talent by phone or video and onboarding new employees remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer: FLEETCOR is an Equal Opportunity Employer. FLEETCOR provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, gender (including pregnancy), religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, language, ancestry, genetic information, veteran and/or military status or any other group status protected by federal or local law. If you require reasonable accommodation for the application and/or interview process, please notify a representative of the Human Resources Department.For more information about our commitment to equal employment opportunity and pay transparency, please click the following links: EEO and Pay Transparency.Job Type: Full-timeSchedule:8 hour shiftWork Location: Remote 