The Data Analytics SVP will lead a team of Internal Audit data analytics staff who are responsible for providing audit assurance coverage leveraging analytical tools and data science for Personal Banking and Wealth Management. Manages day to day development, production, and project activities. Will work with all levels of management within Internal Audit and applicable business organizations; may also include communications with regulators as required. Will have staff management responsibility and may have budgetary responsibility.

Responsibilities:
Oversees, designs and maintains analytical solutions for audits, regulatory and risk based issues validations for all PBWM businesses (Cards, Retail Bank, Mortgage, Wealth Management)
Engages with IA and Business stakeholders to determine IA validation requirements across Citi's complex and evolving data landscape.
Implements leading analytics and data science techniques to provide the greatest level of assurance with the fewest false positives.
Manage and maintain various data repositories for efficient testing and continuous auditing.
Document complex analytical testing results in simple non-technical writing.
Apply modern automation techniques to minimize the resource cost of scheduled and repeatable analytical testing.
Perform/lead audits and initiatives in accordance with corporate methodologies and professional standards, including drafting of reports, presenting issues to the business and discussing practical solutions.
Lead medium to large scale projects while managing time sensitive ad-hoc requests.
Frequently involved in matters that require complex solutions based on sophisticated analytical thought and judgement, such as identifying solutions for a variety of complex and novel audit control issues.
Qualifications:
Strong management skills with a minimum of 7 years of practical analytics experience managing both people and process serving multiple clients.
Excellent analytical abilities to quickly identify control or data related issues leveraging a variety of data analysis techniques and approaches.
Demonstrated knowledge and experience with at least one of the following analytical or data science tools: SAS, SQL, Python
Demonstrated knowledge and experience with at least one of the following Business Intelligence Tools: Tableau, Power BI, QlikView/Qlik Sense
Possesses in-depth knowledge of structured, unstructured and semi-structured data.
Demonstrated ability to prioritize and drive results with a high sense of urgency.
Proven ability to execute concurrently on a portfolio of high quality deliverables according to strict timetables.
Demonstrated ability to implement continuous improvement and innovation in audit tools and techniques.
Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and verbal communication.
Demonstrated ability to remain unbiased in a diverse working environment.
Effective negotiation skills.
Education:
Bachelor’s degree/University degree or equivalent combination of education/experience. Degree in Analytics, Data Science, MIS, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Information Technology (IT) preferred.
-
Job Family Group:
Internal Audit
-
Job Family:
Audit
-
Time Type:
Full time
-
Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.
Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi.
View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement.
View the EEO Policy Statement.
View the Pay Transparency Posting
-
Effective November 1, 2021, Citi requires that all successful applicants for positions located in the United States or Puerto Rico be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment and provide proof of such vaccination prior to commencement of employment. 