Power BI & Data Visualization Developer
The Data Visualization Developer help create, develop various charts, visualizations, and dashboards. This role will be an integral part of shaping the development suite for our next-generation analytic solutions designed and built for our global clients.
Are you excited about data?
Are you passionate about data and creating meaningful Power BI visualizations that help leaders drive meaningful change in their organizations and make important decisions?
Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set?
If so, we want to talk to you!
The Data Visualization Developer help create, develop various charts, visualizations, and dashboards. This role will be an integral part of shaping the development suite for our next-generation analytic solutions designed and built for our global clients.

Responsibilities:
Responsible for designing, building, and deploying enterprise reporting in Power BI and other data visualization tools.
Expected to incorporate new and existing data sources, partnering with Data & Analytics team members on automated and scalable data ingestion patterns.
Troubleshoot and improve existing reports, incorporating user feedback and change requests
Provide upper tier support to report authors on visualization usage, data modeling, DAX and Power Query.
Creates ETL and reporting objects that enable repeatable, scalable, and sustainable solutions for end-user community, distribution partners and customers
Qualifications:
Experience developing enterprise reports and dashboards within Power BI
Proven ability to ingest and manipulate data in Power BI from multiple source
systems using complex SQL queries and DAX to create production ready data models.
Ability to develop charts, matrix, and complex designs
Proven track-record of utilizing SQL queries
Familiarity with Azure analytic functionality
Hand on expertise hosting Power BI reports on cloud platforms and Intranet
Knowledge of scheduling ETL jobs in Power BI
Analytics & Data Visualization working with Power BI, SQL, Excel and tableau or similar reporting platforms
High proficiency in M Language and DAX within Power BI
Salary: $95000 - $103,000
Location: Lees Summit - MO
ZIP code: 64063
Reference: 110273
Secondary Reference: INDITTO,#ITZR,AW 