Data Scientist
**Remote Opportunity**
SIG SAUER, Inc. is a leading provider and manufacturer of firearms, electro-optics, ammunition, airguns, suppressors, and training. For over 250 years SIG SAUER, Inc. has evolved, and thrived, by blending American ingenuity, German engineering, and Swiss precision. Today, SIG SAUER is synonymous with industry-leading quality and innovation which has made it the brand of choice amongst the U.S. Military, the global defense community, law enforcement, competitive shooters, hunters, and responsible citizens. Additionally, SIG SAUER is the premier provider of elite firearms instruction and tactical training at the SIG SAUER Academy. Headquartered in Newington, New Hampshire, SIG SAUER’s workforce is located across eight locations in the United States. The tremendous growth of SIG SAUER has fueled outstanding opportunities for experienced professionals to join our team.
Position Summary:
Data Scientist is someone who will support our product, sales, leadership, and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing SIG SAUER data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.
Job Duties & Responsibilities:
Identifies data-analytics problems that offers the greatest opportunity.Machine learning.Collects and analyzes structured and unstructured data from disparate sources.Cleaning and validating data for accuracy, completeness, and uniformity.Devises and applies models and algorithms to mine data.Analyzes the data to identify patterns and trends.Interprets the data to discover solutions and opportunities.Identifying the data-analytics problems that offer the greatest opportunities to the organization.Determining the correct data sets and variables.Collecting large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources.Communicating findings to stakeholders using visualization and other means.Strong presentation and communication skills. 