Equivalent Experience

Hiring for a global leader in the design and manufacturing of single-use products for the biopharmaceutical industry. We are embarking on a journey to enable analytics to support our extreme growth and are looking for a self-driven Data Analyst. The role will drive high-profile projects covering various business functions (e.g., Sales, Supply Chain, Finance).

Description:
Create insightful dashboards and reports that reveal the health of our critical metrics
Work with department heads to build and maintain customized applications for internal needs
Analyze data to identify business trends, gaps, or inconsistencies
Connect internal business processes to the data captured in ERP databases
Assist maintaining our data warehouse
Work with executives and other business leaders to identify opportunities for improvement
Use graphs, infographics and other methods to visualize data
Establish KPIs to measure the effectiveness of business decisions
Structure large data sets to find usable information
Work with a team to process information
Create presentations and reports based on recommendations and findings

Additional Skills & Qualifications:
2+ years of SQL experience
2+ years of experience in either engineering / data / analytics roles
Excellent communication skills
Problem solving skills, critical thinking
2+ years of Excel experience or equivalent
Nice to have
1+ year of experience in some programming language (Python/Java/Scala preferred)
1+ year of experience using business intelligence platforms (PowerBI preferred)
1+ years of analyzing data using ERP/CRM systems

About Actalent:
Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions.

The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. 