Data Analytics Analyst
Cherry Tree Dental
Madison, WI - Primarily Work-From Home
Cherry Tree Dental, based in Madison, WI, is currently seeking a Data Analytics Analyst. The Data Analytics Analyst performs research, analysis, and data visualization to support business operations. The Data Analytics Analyst will develop reports and collaborate with the operational leadership team to provide recommendations to enhance productivity, revenue, and margin. In addition, the Data Analytics Analyst will assist with standard of care processes and monitor compliance to improve patient outcomes.
Cherry Tree Dental is committed to our dentists, clinical staff, and support team by providing a culture focused on relationships. We invest in our employees by offering professional growth opportunities, competitive compensation, and benefits with a work/life balance.
**This role can be primarily work-from home, but will need to work in our Madison office periodically as well as travel to practice locations, therefore candidates should be within a reasonable distance of Madison, WI.**
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Perform complex analyses, strategic problem solving, and research that supports efficient decision making.
Utilize internal data platforms to collect, analyze, and present data to assist in the development of processes and best practices that increase productivity, reduce cost, and drive margin expansion.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends and patterns in data systems and KPIs.
Analyze and measure effectiveness of existing processes.
Create detailed data models to assist with daily business operations and future business planning.
Coordinate with clinical and operational teams to manage data analytic needs.
Review data and provide recommendations that will assist in the development and implementation of standard of care processes and monitor compliance to improve patient outcomes.
Develop processes and controls that ensure data integrity across the enterprise.
Manage systems and data administration and recommend tools to improve data quality, analysis, and reporting.
Assist with developing, implementing, monitoring a standardized dentist compensation process.
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in related field
Three years experience with complex data management, analysis, and reporting of clinical and financial data
Strong computer skills, including experience with Microsoft Office
Adept at determining ROI and business modeling utilizing excel and other resources
Ability to become proficient with dental terminology and dental software
Ability to reconcile financial statements and potential business opportunities
Excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills
Strong critical thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills and attention to detail
Ability to collaborate with individuals at all levels and foster a positive attitude, and be a team player
BSOZuLFZRi 