Description:

DESCRIPTION
Full-service, commercial real estate firm that delivers highly specialized Property Management Services and focuses primarily on Manufactured Housing and Self-Storage. We own and operate over 70 properties across 21 states. We are seeking driven, motivated individuals looking for an opportunity to join a fast growing organization.
We are looking for a Data Entry Specialist. This role is designed for an individual who is new(er) to data entry/admin and has the desire to grow their skills with a fast growing organization. The Data Entry Specialist will work with the Investment, Finance, and Marketing departments to build and maintain an asset performance database, prepare reporting packages for C-levels and investors, work with leadership to analyze trends, and all tasks related to ongoing data/reporting needs.

DATA ENTRY SPECIALIST BENEFITS:
Starting Salary of $15-$20 per hour
Full-Time
Generous Monthly Bonus Opportunities
Medical benefits in the amount of $500 per month
Dental, Vision and other supplementary benefits available
Holiday Pay
Paid Time Off (PTO)
Work/Home Life Balance
DATA ENTRY SPECIALIST RESPONSIBILITIES:
Preparation of weekly collections reports
Creation and management of portfolio debt database (with balances, interest rates, type, etc.)
Monthly PFS/SREO Preparation
Investor data entry into subsystem
AUM schedule management including KPI performance tracking
Data entry for manual asset onboarding
Preparation of data and graphics for monthly/annual investor reporting
[Eventually] Market research and comparison to CVC portfolio
DATA ENTRY SPECIALIST QUALIFICATIONS:
The ideal candidate will be extremely efficient with Microsoft 365 including Excel and PowerBI. They will understand how to import/export from subsystems (property management software, accounting, CRM) and how to create a database/train employees on. They will be proficient in creating useful graphs, charts, and other data graphics for reporting packages. They will have an understanding of data analytics or the desire to learn. They will be able to identify trends and highlight them appropriately. They will be an excellent written communicator, punctual in their delivery, and have extreme attention to detail.

PM22
Requirements:
PI190983584 