If you have read my job descriptions before, welcome back. If you are new, welcome to the party....you will notice that I like to add humor to my job descriptions...so you will see (hopefully) some chuckles as you read this.Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Tom Welke. I am Partner & VP at RSM Solutions, Inc. About 95% of my time is spent 'customer facing'. That being said, I am going to be far more interested in 'fit' than anything else...a fit for you and a fit for the client. This also means that there are no 'layers' between me and any of my clients as well..I am direct to all my clients. I have been recruiting tech talent for 19 years (it was 20 in January) and been in the tech sector since the mid 1990s, so my non existent hairline will tell you that I have been at this for a while.This role is one where the social fit is just as important as the technical fit. What creates a good social fit, you ask? Well, I am glad you asked. Here are some characteristics:I am abundantly sure that their are some reading this that are in organizations where people walk around with ego's the size of Texas. This is not an environment where people have monumentally overly-inflated opinions of themselves. So, if you are the kind of person that genuinely likes to help others in your team (and in other teams as well), and doesn't use terms like 'this is not my job', you will fit in very well here.The hiring manager for this role, as well as this organization as a whole, has very low turnover. We are seeking individuals that want to stick around for a long time to come. This means that we are seeking candidates who do not just want to spend the next 6-9 months here...we are looking for a long term player who wants to stick around for the next several years.This organization is serious about data...to the point of where the CEO actually one of the biggest users of the data dashboards from this team. Data is a key part of the overall strategic direction of the firm. I am mentioning this because the work you do will have bottom line impact and visibility from the C level of this organization. This also means that everyone on this team shares the 'mantra' of doing their best work here. You will be working with a team that is not just dedicated to that whole BI stack, but also dedicated to helping the overall team grow in terms of skills, as well.This role is being done remotely, but we are only looking to work with candidates that are in the US Central or US East Coast time zone. I can only work with US Citizens or Green Card Holders for this role...I cannot work with H1, OPT or EAD Visa Holders.Here is what we are seeking in this role. For the past 2 years, these guys have been doing a lot of Informatica and Oracle DW work (Finance is their typical user base). They have, in those past 2 years, started moving away from Oracle and Informatica to Snowflake and Talend (they are, roughly, 1/2 way to that migration to Snowflake and Talend). They deliver (the presentation layer, in other words) data through Qlik Sense, OBIEE and PowerBi. One of the key's to success in this role is the need to simplify tooling so that the overall organization can be more analytical.This team comprises of this role, a couple architects, another BI Developer and an ETL and data modeling team, so you wont be doing this work completely on your own. We are in need of a data engineer to add to the team. You will be helping them build an ODS (Operational Data Store) and helping them deliver 'instantaneous data'. Their is a lot of 'runway' in this role as well...so, if you want growth, you will definitely see some growth here. Imagine working with data from the details of BOM's, ERP data, data from RFID and so on...sounds kinda nifty, right?Your role will be a key in delivering the overall DW 'solution'...you will take ownership of this work and also understand what the users of this data are actually asking for. So, if you have some pseudo-BA skills (requirements gathering, process flow diagramming, documentation skills, etc...), that would be great to see. Perhaps the skill we are most keenly interested in seeing, however, is that ability to 'first seek to understand...then to be understood' (yep, I am a fan of Steven Covey). So, if you have that skill of being able to truly listen to user groups, help those users pivot from good questions you ask, and be that true sage of BI, we are on the right track.I won't bore you to tears with a zillion bullet points of responsibilities and requirements. I often chuckle at those...most of the skills needed don't actually exist in one person. So, I will boil these down into the stuff we are really looking forJob Responsibilities:You will be working on the Talend and Snowflake side of the BI 'stack', as it were. The data visualization piece of this puzzle is already handled, but if you have experience with PowerBI, Qlik or OBIEE, that would be great. That way, you can assist that team as well.Design, develop, optimize, scalable and sustainable DW's from a data layer and ETL perspective.Work with the business side of the house in terms of requirements, documentation and process flow diagramming.Create high quality certified data sources that analysts and data scientists will leverage to discover insights ultimately driving revenue, growth, and improving productivityDevelop and deliver communication and training to users of data assets including capabilities, standards, and best practicesDrive relational and dimensional modeling best practices within the BI team.Here is what we are seeking:Strong Snowflake and Talend skills. I am not all that concerned about the number of years of experience...rather, I am interested in the depth and breath of your skills. This experience should also include experience with other data & analytics toolsets and data management platforms such as Oracle.The ability to see the 'end game' when it comes to BI overall. Can you 'first seek to understand, then to be understood'?, if so, that is what we are looking for.Bachelor’s degree in the field of business, computer science or analytics discipline.Expert with SQL and experience with at least one programming language (Shell Scripting, Python).Experience with relational databases (Snowflake, Oracle, and SQL Server) and strong working knowledge of Data Architecture, Data Warehousing and Data Lake concepts.Experience in developing data services APIs to share data infrastructure that enables real-time analysis of data.Proficient with data warehouse architecture and data pipelines (ELT/ETL, data modeling).Experience working in the manufacturing vertical would be great to see.Job Type: Full-timePay: $115,000.00 - $120,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental pay types:Bonus payWork Location: Remote 