OneSource Virtual (OSV) is the Workday partner that has helped more than 1,300 companies with everything from deployment to maintenance to payroll and more—all to make the day more doable. Founded in 2008, OSV pioneered Business Process as a Service (BPaaS) and has become the leading provider of automated solutions for organizations of all sizes using Workday, delivering services with unparalleled choices, unwavering commitment, and uncompromising care. OneSource Virtual’s global headquarters is located in Dallas, Texas, with additional locations across North America and Europe. OneSource Virtual: let’s make the day more doable. Find your company’s solution at www.onesourcevirtual.com.
The Tax Data Analyst is responsible for reconciling and reviewing out-of-balance conditions for daily, monthly, quarterly, and yearly payrolls completed within Workday. As well as quarterly and annual collection for taxes that will be paid and filed on behalf of our customers. The objective is to ensure out-of-balances are resolved and comply with tax regulations set forth by the U. S. tax agency.
Job Summary
The Tax Data Analyst is responsible for reconciling and reviewing out-of-balance conditions for daily, monthly, quarterly, and yearly payrolls completed within Workday. As well as quarterly and annual collection for taxes that will be paid and filed on behalf of our customers. The objective is to ensure out-of-balances are resolved and comply with tax regulations set forth by the U. S. tax agency.
Essential Functions/Duties/Responsibilities
Research and validate the cause of the out-of-balance in a timely and accurate manner.
Ensure that the appropriate actions that are taken complies with the tax authority requirement.
Responsible for communicating with internal teams the cause of the tax discrepancy. Ensuring to provide direction in what additional steps may be needed to resolve the out-of-balance when action is required within Workday.
Responsible for collecting and analyzing data on both the employer and employee level to identify the root cause of out-of-balances by running various mathematical calculations to determine the best solution.
Responsible for providing the customer the quarterly and annual reconciliation reports via OSVA Payroll Tax App.
Responsible for communicating to customers and documenting the cause of the tax discrepancy within quarterly/annual reconciliation cases.
Responsible for communicating with customers via conference calls or case system to explain reconciliation of funding to tax deposits remitted.
Responsible for obtaining approval for further collections and/or refunds quarterly and annually via reconciliation cases.
Responsible for researching and resolving daily tax out-of-balances in a timely manner via task assigned from internal teams.
Responsible for all quarterly and yearly adjustments.
Competencies
Good time management skills
Positive attitude & team player
Detail-oriented
Problem solver
Strong written and verbal skills
Analyze problems or data.
Mathematical aptitude
Work with tight deadlines
Critical thinking
Computer literacy
Attention to detail.
Ability to work with multiple interruptions.
Independent decision making
 Supervisory Responsibility
This role has no supervisory responsibility.
 Qualifications and Experience
High School Diploma
Proficient at Microsoft Excel
Flexibility of hours to meet customer needs - Overtime will be required.
 Preferred Skills
1 + year Payroll Tax experience
Analytical of data of numbers
Payroll outsourcing experience.
Good grammar, writing and communication skills
#LI-REMOTE
You are encouraged to learn and share ideas when you join the OneSource Virtual team. We reward innovative thinking, fresh perspectives, creative collaboration, and hard work. As an organization experiencing routine strategic growth, we are always on the lookout for intelligent, talented, and forward-thinking professionals to join our team. OSV employees enjoy a values-based culture, upward mobility, and professional development with opportunities of all kinds. 