Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today’s most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It’s also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it’s no wonder we’re consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you’re as passionate about your future as we are, join our team.
KPMG is currently seeking an Associate, Data & Analytics to join our Learning & Development organization.
Responsibilities:
Use a wide range of data extraction and manipulation techniques to ensure data is accurately analyzed and reported by demonstrating expertise to extract, parse, transform, aggregate and re-arrange quantitative and qualitative data from multiple sources to meet reporting requirements
Utilize a suite of business intelligence tools (such as PowerBI, Tableau, Alteryx, SQL, R. and Excel) to analyze data and report outcomes of learning solutions by choosing and applying the proper analysis techniques specifically for differing data types
Prepare data visualizations that communicate insights to stakeholders
Perform data wrangling (manipulations, transformations and integration) across a wide range of large data sets
Qualifications:
Minimum one year of experience with Learning & Development (L&D) and/or Measurement & Evaluation is an advantage
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university
A data-driven mindset with a passion for analysis
Experience in wrangling and analyzing data with tools such as PowerBI, Tableau, Alteryx, R and/or Python is important; familiarity with Excel is assumed
SQL experience is a plus
Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future
KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please.

KPMG does not currently require partners or employees to be fully vaccinated or test negative for COVID-19 in order to go to KPMG offices, client sites or KPMG events, except when mandated by federal, state or local law. In some circumstances, clients also may require proof of vaccination or testing (e.g., to go to the client site). 