Scripps Health Administrative Services supports our five hospitals and 19 outpatient facilities, which treat half a million patients annually through 2,600 affiliated physicians.
At Scripps Health, you will experience the pride, support, and respect of an organization that has been repeatedly recognized as one of the nation’s Top 100 Places to Work.
You’ll be surrounded by people committed to making a difference in the lives of their patients and their teammates. So if you’re open to change, go ahead and unlock your potential.
Join a winning team at our Scripps 4S Ranch Business Services office as a Data Analyst in the Claims department. In this role, you will be responsible for duties such as the following:
Maintaining department specific databases and ensuring accuracy of data.
Applying broad knowledge in providing data analytics services to clients.
Gathering operational data to examine past business performance.
Identifying data patterns & trends, and providing insights to enhance business decision making capability in business planning, process improvement, solution assessment etc.
Recommending actions for future developments & strategic business opportunities, as well as enhancements to operational policies.
May be involved in exploratory data analysis, confirmatory data analysis and/or qualitative analysis

This is a benefitted Full Time, Day Shift position with eight hour shifts and a Monday - Friday schedule. This position is currently work from home with some on site work and requires relocation to San Diego.
Required Qualifications:
Good critical thinking and analytical skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Understanding of database functionality with ability to translate customer requests into actionable reports.

Preferred Qualifications:
Two years of previous experience coordinating letters of interest from community providers.
Previous experience with EPIC, including coordination of requests from providers requesting plan link access.

Scripps Health is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, or gender identity/expression), age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability. 