Who we are:

2U is comprised of 3 lines of business: Graduate Degree Programs, Short Course, and Boot Camps. Going beyond traditional learning management systems, we use tech, people, and data to help top universities and enterprise organizations transform in the digital era—and eliminate the back row in higher ed. We support lifelong learning which means thinking beyond a single degree. It means finding ways for students to gain the skills they need to change careers, evolve their expertise, and meet the challenges of the changing world head-on. We help our partners fill those needs—developing new digital education technologies and offerings capable of supporting students at different points in their lives. Whether they need a simple refresher, to learn something new, or to change their career trajectories completely, our partners are there to help them succeed. Together with our partners, 2U has positively transformed the lives of more than 275,000 students and lifelong learners.

About this role:

In a virtual environment intended to support curriculum-related questions, "Learning Assistants" play an integral role in building trust and executing engagement with students to "assist" their "learning" experience. Learning Assistants have an opportunity to play a more virtual-friendly role that directly relates to the Bootcamp journey and adds meaning to our pedagogy of learning in a virtual capacity.

Skills & Requirements

Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent organizational skills.
Ability to self-manage daily remote work.
A thorough, detail-oriented work style.
Proficiency with software engineering tools.
Ability to attend and contribute to virtual meetings.
Ability to analyze complex technical information.
Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot complex, technical problems quickly and efficiently.
A logical, analytical, and creative approach to problem-solving
Have a patient and positive attitude.
Able to infuse empathy, support, encouragement, and fun into the learning environment.
Minimum of 6 months of work experience or graduation from a Bootcamp style program.
As listed below, experience with specific technologies for your program of application.
What You Will Do:

Prepare and stay updated with specific curriculum and core concepts of your assigned support program.
Contribute to team-wide support goals by meeting and exceeding personal key performance indicator goals.
Provide world-class student support while adhering to our support model to solve and respond to curriculum-based technical questions.
Craft easy-to-understand responses that guide students to discover the answer to their questions.
Attend and contribute to daily meetings at the start and end of every shift.
Contribute to a culture of trust by adhering to all operational and system procedures.
Collaborate with other team members to troubleshoot, support, or redirect students' questions.
Attend training and development sessions as determined by management..
Infuse empathy, support, encouragement, and fun into the students' learning progression.
Be available to work days, nights, weekends, and holidays as necessary.

Logistics:

This is a remote, part-time position (W2-based employment). You may work from anywhere!
A laptop, camera, microphone/headset, and reliable high-speed internet access are required.
Personalized scheduling! While shift start and end times are predetermined, you choose the days and shifts you'd like to work!
Hourly employees with 2u/EdX are limited to a maximum of 29 hours worked per week.
Learning Assistant Scheduling:

Learning Assistants will work on a predefined, personalized shift schedule each week. Based on availability, Learning Assistants may choose any combination of days and shift hours.


Learning Assistants must commit to working a minimum of 8 hours each week. (To best meet the needs of our learners, shift start and end times cannot be modified.)

Shift Start and End Times:

12a - 5a ET - 5 Hours
5a - 10a ET - 5 Hours

Other Perks:

Maintain your current career while teaching
Hone your skills by teaching and mentoring others
Expand your network by joining the thousands of industry professionals who comprise our Instructional Staff
Experience the gratitude and fulfillment that comes along with teaching and giving back to the tech community
Management skills development
Conflict resolution development
Coaching and mentoring

Our Learning Assistants support students enrolled in University Bootcamps across the globe in the following areas:
Data Visualization/Analytics
Advanced Statistics with Data Analytics with Microsoft Excel and Python, Numpy, Pandas, and Matplotlib
Databases like SQL and MongoDB
Data Visualization using Javascript, D3, or Tableau
Hadoop and Machine Learning

Check out the programs in more detail here.

In Colorado, the anticipated hourly rate for this role is $20/hr. Note: The final compensation for this position may consider factors including the geographic location where the work is performed (candidate's assigned office) and prior work experience of the candidate.


*You must apply in your FULL LEGAL NAME*

Your full legal name must be the EXACT name and spelling as listed on your government issued ID Card, birth certificate, name change order, adoption decree, naturalization or immigration documentation. Initials are not acceptable unless initials are part of your full legal name.

*You must apply in your FULL LEGAL NAME*
Your full legal name must be the EXACT name and spelling as listed on your government issued ID Card, birth certificate, name change order, adoption decree, naturalization or immigration documentation. Initials are not acceptable unless initials are part of your full legal name. 