Summary
Posted: Apr 6, 2022
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:200354755
The Apple Media Products (AMP) Engineering team is one of the most exciting examples of Apple’s long-held passion for combining art and technology. These are the people who power the App Store, Apple TV, Apple Music, Apple Podcasts, and Apple Books. And they do it on an extensive scale, meeting Apple’s high expectations with dedication to deliver a huge variety of entertainment in over 35 languages to more than 150 countries. These engineers build secure, end-to-end solutions. They develop the custom software used to process all the creative work, the tools that providers use to deliver that media, all the server-side systems, and the APIs for many Apple services. Thanks to Apple’s outstanding integration of hardware, software, and services, engineers here partner to get behind a single unified vision. That vision always includes a deep commitment to strengthening Apple’s privacy policy, one of Apple’s core values. Although services are a bigger part of Apple’s business than ever before, these teams remain small, nimble, and cross-functional, offering greater exposure to the array of opportunities here. The AMP Analytics Engineering organization powers the analytics behind the App Store, Apple TV, Apple Music, Apple Podcasts, Apple Fitness+, Apple Books, Apple Wallet, and more. We’re looking for a Product Manager to join the team working on defining the future of our data and instrumentation capabilities. As a member of the Instrumentation team, you will work with a number of cross-functional team members to answer two main questions: What metrics should we collect for our media products and how will we get those metrics from client devices?
Key Qualifications
3+ years of experience working as a product manager, management consultant, or engineer
Some coding experience required; experience with Objective-C and/or JavaScript preferred
Knowledge of the analytics needs of multiple functional areas of a technology business (e.g., engineering, product, data science, finance, marketing)
Experience working with large, cross-functional teams spread across multiple locations
Comfort with translating ambiguous high-level analytics questions into concrete engineering asks
Strong communication skills, especially with technical writing and executive-level presentations
Strong prioritization skills with the ability to handle multiple programs simultaneously with overlapping deadlines
Description
You’ll be tasked with designing, launching, and supporting new metrics infrastructure products as necessary to answer high-level analytics questions at scale. You will also be encouraged to write and maintain instrumentation specifications—documents that specify what fields and values should we collect as well as what triggers this data collection—for all new features released across our media products. To accomplish all this, you’ll collaborate with a wide range of team members including product managers, client and server engineering, data scientists/business analysts, privacy engineers/attorneys, QA, and more. You will: - Write detailed client instrumentation specifications for new features across Apple’s media products that provide clear guidance to engineering, data science, and QA team members about what data should be collected and when - Manage the end-to-end design, launch, and support of new metrics infrastructure as needed to address complex analytics needs, including technical system design and implementation - Advise business and engineering team members by serving as a data collection subject-matter-expert who understands how analytics-related asks will impact numerous server and client engineering systems - Lead discussions with privacy and legal teams to ensure that both Apple’s analytics needs are met and consumer privacy is protected The people here at Apple don’t just build products — they create the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that encourages the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it.
Education & Experience
BA/BS degree required. Computer science degree or equivalent is preferred
Additional Requirements 