Data Analyst - Remote
Primary Location: Allentown, Pennsylvania

V-Soft Consulting is currently hiring for a Data Analyst – Remote for our premier client in Allentown, Pennsylvania. This is a 9 month contract position.

Education and Experience »
Bachelors degree with a focus in data science, computer science, or similar background. Some engineering or technical background or experience is desirable.
Experience in data science or data analytics.
Experience with SQL (R Programming or Python is desirable).
Experience with Microsoft applications, PowerBI, Power Automate.
Experience with compiling and cleansing data from multiple sources to prepare for analysis.
Comfortable performing data analyses with multiple data sources, extracting insights from analysis to drive business strategic decisions.

WHAT YOU’LL DO:
Job Responsibilities:
Build new and/or enhance existing PowerBI dashboards supporting various DER Mgmt. work functions (to include DER Financials & Material Processes).
Building & reporting out on business key performance indicators.
Business support of various projects, to include regulatory & customer reporting.
Performing data aggregation, data cleansing and data analysis for various DER Mgmt. processes & focus areas, including but not limited to
Financials.
Material Tracking & Processes.
End-to-End Communication Monitoring.

Interested?
Qualified candidates should send their resumes to ssafi@vsoftconsulting.com

V-Soft Consulting Group is headquartered in Louisville, KY with strategic locations in India and across the U.S., including Madison, Chicago, Denver, Harrisburg and Atlanta. Known as an agile innovative technology services company, we were recently rewarded the Large Business of the Year award from Louisville Business First and were recognized among the top 100 fastest growing staffing companies in North America. V-Soft has a wide variety of partnerships across diverse technology stacks and holds such titles as MuleSoft Certified Delivery Resource, Oracle Gold Partner, ServiceNow Partner, Microsoft Partner and Cisco Registered Partner, amongst many others.
For more information or to view all our open jobs, please visit www.vsoftconsulting.com or call (844) 425-8425. 