BDR Solutions, LLC, (BDR) supports the U.S. Federal Government in successfully achieving its mission and goals. Our service and solution delivery starts with understanding each client’s end-state, and then seamlessly integrating within each Agency’s organization to improve and enhance business and technical operations and deployments.
BDR is seeking Data Specialists to join our growing team! This position may be performed remotely supporting EST time zone schedule but there is a strong preference for applicants in the San Antonio, TX or Washington, DC areas.
This position requires US Citizenship with a Public Trust or the ability to obtain one.
(Military Veterans are highly encouraged to apply)
Overview
BDR is seeking highly motivated Data Specialists with 2+ years of experience in data analytics to support work within the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) by maximizing the value of their data and business processes. You will work with clients to execute data analytics and data science activities, from data engineering and querying to data visualization and dashboarding. This work will help stakeholders define their information strategy, enable mission-critical insights and data-driven decision-making, reduce cost and complexity, increase trust, and improve operational effectiveness.
Responsibilities
The Data Specialist will conduct data entry and analysis of Veterans Benefits Administration data, provide input to data reporting requirements, and work with program and systems teams to refine data reporting processes. The candidate may provide support to VA by assisting with data analysis, presenting findings, and helping teams complete ad hoc requests.
Analyze data to identify program trends, including areas of program success and program gaps to inform program direction.
Provide input to program indicators and technical guidance, including soliciting stakeholder feedback, updating written guidance, and producing relevant training and communications.
Liaise with team members to refine data reporting requirements, improve data collection tools, and streamline data reporting processes.
Validate data and reconcile data entry errors.
Flag potential data quality issues and assist with identifying remediation methods.
Respond to ad-hoc data requests.
Maintain an organized repository of project information and data on the project and customer SharePoint sites.
Communicate with internal and external teams and stakeholders.
Develop working instructions and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Required Minimum Qualifications
Associate’s degree (4 years of additional relevant experience may be substituted for education).
Public Trust clearance or the ability to get one.
2+ years of relevant experience
Prior experience validating data and reconciling data entry errors.
Experience maintaining an organized repository of project information and data on the project and customer SharePoint sites.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Desired Skills and Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree.
Experience with epidemiological data in the context of global health programs.
Ability to communicate between program and systems teams to facilitate data reporting.
Experience with VA claims data.
Experience working with federal agencies.
In addition, U.S Citizenship is required. Select applicants will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information and be able to obtain a government-granted security clearance. Individuals may also be subject to a background investigation including, but not limited to criminal history, employment and education verification, drug testing, and creditworthiness.
BDR is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or genetic information.
YhLZFFGrwD 