Full-time Faculty Positions
Full-time faculty positions will be posted on a per-opening basis. Postings are organized by college/school and department. Applicants will be evaluated at the college/school level for the position which they are submitting an application. Unless noted by a close date, positions will remain open until they are filled. Qualified applicants are encouraged to apply.
Part-time Faculty Positions
DePaul University invites expressions of interest for a pool of qualified Part Time Faculty to teach courses in a variety of disciplines across all 10 colleges and schools. Individuals may enter expressions of interest by submitting their credentials to any posting for which they are qualified to teach. Postings are organized by college/school and department. Screening of individuals in the pool is ongoing, depending on curricular need and funding. Individuals will be contacted by the department if they reach the finalist stage for teaching a particular course or set of courses. The pool will remain in place until the closing date specified in the posting details; those interested in remaining in the pool beyond that time must resubmit. All individuals in the pool will be notified by email when the posting is closed.
Below you will find the details for the posting including any supplementary documentation and questions you should review before applying for the opening or submitting your interest in teaching. To apply for the position, please click the link/button.

Posting Details
Job ID: 47773
College/School: Chicago, IL - Jarvis College of Computing and Digital Media
Responsibilities:
DePaul’s Jarvis College of Computing & Digital Media (CDM) is located in the heart of Chicago’s Loop, the central business district of Chicago. CDM students come from a variety of backgrounds and cultures therefore CDM is interested in recruiting and maintaining a diverse faculty. Part-time teaching positions are available throughout the academic year, including summer sessions. Academic course schedules fluctuate from quarter to quarter, and the college will work with selected individuals to determine a quarterly schedule. Courses are not guaranteed, however the college does its best to give ample notice about available courses. Applicants with expertise that matches course scheduling needs will be contacted for an interview.

The School of Computing offers a variety of undergraduate and graduate programs including Computer Science, Information Systems, Game Programming, Information Technology, Network Engineering, Data Science and Cybersecurity. Human Computer Interaction and User Experience Design are joint programs with CDM’s School of Design.

Required Qualifications:
Minimum requirements include a master’s degree in the discipline, or 18 semester/27 quarter hours of graduate work in the discipline, or an undergraduate degree with a minimum of five years demonstrated relevant professional experience. Exceptions may be considered with approval of the dean.
The candidate must have demonstrated experience in working in teaching in an diverse learning environment.
Special Instructions to Applicants:
The School of Computing offers both a BS and a MS in Data Science. Students gain advanced skills in data analytics. multivariate analysis, machine learning, and database processing. We seek instructors with professional experience in data science and analytics, who can teach in areas relevant to data science including data visualization, multivariate statistics, time series analysis, predictive modeling and machine learning. 