Working at Atlassian
Atlassian can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity. Assuming you have eligible working rights and a sufficient time zone overlap with your team, you can choose to work remotely or return to an office as they reopen (unless it’s necessary for your role to be performed in the office). Interviews and onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.
Your future team
Join Atlassian to start your career with us to have impact on how millions of users collaborate and use software. The most amazing thinkers—like NASA rocket scientists and Tesla engineers—are coming to us for solutions. We're in the business of developing software to help teams everywhere get amazing ideas on the ground and into the world. Sound like an exciting place to start your career? Here you'll be encouraged to use your imagination and try new things. You'll be guided (as we are) by our core values, and you'll be supported by some of the best minds in tech. You will report to one of our analytics managers within our marketing organization.
Not eligible for Visa sponsorship. Unfortunately, we do not offer U.S. work visa sponsorship to F-1/OPT, J-1/TN, or H-1B student graduates at this time.
What you'll do
Work with partners to identify high impact opportunities for analytics, and align analytics & data science priorities with our partner's strategy
Improve user journey and customer value by managing large volumes of data to understand insightful trends
Guide the measurement culture and understand the impact of our partner's strategy; including designing and analyzing experiments and feature launches
Envision, scope, and implement projects by collaborating with partners, customer research, data engineers and other data scientists
Share your high-quality recommendations to multiple levels of leadership to guide important decisions and shape overall company strategies
Foster a world-class analytics culture, leading by example, through education and creation of self-service tools, to make a lasting change in how your partners use data to make decisions
Your background
Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and graduating between December 2022 to June 2023
Experience with SQL and other programming languages
Experience with dashboard tools like Tableau, Micro-strategy, PowerBI
Can commit to a full-time (40hrs / week)
Have a passion for Data Science, expressed by previous internships, work experience, projects, or publications
It's great, but not required, if you
Have experience with machine learning and predictive modeling
Have a general understanding of supervised learning, optimization, and statistical analysis
Can translate business problems into technical solutions
Our perks & benefits
To support you at work and play, our perks and benefits include ample time off, an annual education budget, paid volunteer days, and so much more.
About Atlassian
The world’s best teams work better together with Atlassian. From medicine and space travel, to disaster response and pizza deliveries, Atlassian software products help teams all over the planet. At Atlassian, we're motivated by a common goal: to unleash the potential of every team.
We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians create our success. To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience, we never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
To learn more about our culture and hiring process, explore our Candidate Resource Hub. 