Job Information


This position is eligible for telework which is currently one day per week. New hires are eligible to apply 30 days after their effective date of hire.
In order to protect our employees and continue to provide safe and reliable service to our communities, as of November 14, 2021, we are requiring all new MTA hires to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 prior to their start date. MTA will consider exceptions for religious and medical reasons, where appropriate. “Fully vaccinated” means you must have both doses of a 2-dose vaccine and two weeks have elapsed since the second dose, or have received (1) dose of a 1-dose vaccine and two weeks have elapsed since the dose. Proof of your vaccination status in the form of a CDC vaccine card must be submitted prior to your start date.

JOB TITLE:
Planner, Climate and Data Science

AGENCY:
Construction & Development

DEPT/DIV:
Planning / Capital Strategy

REPORTS TO:
Manager, Climate & Data Science

WORK LOCATION:
2 Broadway

HOURS OF WORK:
9:00 AM to 5:30 PM or as required (7.5HR/ DAY)

HAY POINTS:
417

SALARY RANGE:
$68,188 to $87,743

DEADLINE:
Open Until Filled



Summary


Perform scientific and analytical planning functions for the MTA, including development of climate resiliency plans, sustainability plans, the MTA's 20 Year Capital Needs Assessment and five-year Capital Program. Analyze data; support development and evaluation of capital investment strategies; work with MTA operating agencies' subject matter experts to develop and prioritize capitally-eligible needs proposals.

Responsibilities


Support development of long-range planning strategies and documents. Utilize data visualization tools, including GIS and dashboards. Evaluate project investment alternatives, including cost/benefit analyses, business cases, and lifecycle costs. Monitor status of project scopes and schedules related to identified capital needs. Perform quantitative and qualitative analyses. Develop reports and presentation materials for both internal and external purposes, as well as reports on special C&D initiatives and other programmatic performance metrics. The Planner, Climate Sustainability Planning will support the integration of climate sustainability priorities and initiatives into the MTA’s capital program. The Planner, Climate Sustainabilty Planning will engage on sustainability goals that could be incorporated into diverse assets such as railcars, buses, stations, structures, power, yards and facilities, that together make-up the millions of components that enable the MTA to move millions of New Yorkers every day. The Planner, Climate Sustainability Planning will contribute substantially to all, or a subset therein, of the following core Planning activities:
Support identification of sustainability priorities within MTA’s Twenty-Year Needs Assessment and 5-year Capital Program.
Contribute to the creating and tracking internal sustainbilty goals for the MTA, including priorities to reduce greenhouse gas emssions and other sustinabilty priorities.
Track statistics that illustrate the sustainability impact of MTA services, including the ability of the MTA to provide customers with low emissions transportation options through the transit it provides.
Quantify the benefits of climate sustainability investments, including models to estimate the magnitude of operational cost savings through proactive planning, design requirements, and selections of high performing equipment and materials.
Work with consultants, reviewing consultant deliverables, and providing timely and thoughtful feedback that improves the quality of deliverables.
Utilize large databases, including asset assessments, asset inventories, regional planning information, transit usage, climate risk data, energy utilization data, socio-economic and demographic information to develop planning tools for prioritization that underpin the agency’s capital strategy.
Design and deliver presentations, supported by maps and graphics, to MTA staff, operating agencies, the public, and non-MTA agencies.

Education and Experience


Bachelor's degree from an accredited college in Urban Planning, Engineering, Public Administration, Earth or Environmental Sciences, Meteorology, Geography, Public Policy, Economics, Transportation, or a related field.
Minimum of three (3) years of satisfactory full-time professional experience.
An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered.
Master's degree preferred.
Fluency with sustainability and climate science.
Knowledge of scientific and/or economic methodologies for assessing climate risks preferred.
Experience with project planning and management.
Passion for improving New York’s public transit system.
Familiarity with the MTA network and the MTA Capital Program.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Excellent organizational and presentation skills.
Demonstrated ability to work with all internal levels within a given organization.
Demonstrated ability to work in a high profile, high pressure environment effectively.
Demonstrated analytical capabilities and quantitative skills.
Proficient with Strong Technical Know How in Microsoft Office Suite or comparable applications, i.e., Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook, data analytics, visualization tools, and spatial analysis using GIS or similar mapping tools.

Other Information


As an MTA Construction & Development employee, you may be required to complete the New York State financial disclosure statement – annually if your position earns $101,379 (this figure is subject to change) per year if the position is designated as a policymaker.
Selection Criteria
Based on evaluation of education, skills, experience, and interview.

How To Apply


Qualified applicants can submit an online application

Equal Employment Opportunity


MTA and its subsidiary and affiliated agencies are Equal Opportunity Employers, including with respect to veteran status and individuals with disabilities.
The MTA encourages qualified applicants from diverse backgrounds, experiences, and abilities, including military service members, to apply. 