We're ALDI, one of America's favorite grocers. We've grown a lot in the past few years, expanding our reach and customer base all around the country. Whether it's in customer service or our exceptional products, we owe our success to the efficiencies we create in every corner of our company and the people at each level who make that happen.
ALDI is one of the fastest-growing retailers in the nation, and we are charting an aggressive growth course to become the third-largest U.S. grocery retailer by store count by the end of 2022. How can you play a part? By joining our Analytics team. Responsible for analyzing the data behind building, construction and tendering costs across all of our locations around the country, this team works strategically to find impactful and actionable insights that provide cost-saving opportunities. Helping us grow can translate into a great move for your career.

In this role the Data Analytics Associate will be responsible for supporting our divisional teams, auditing and maintaining various databases, validating forecasting tools, and creating maps and KPI forecasts for our CEO. The ideal candidate will have experience in centralized support, strong math and Microsoft Excel skills, and have an educational background in business or math. The objective of this role is to support ALDI’s aggressive growth plans and provide seamless support to our divisional teams.

Position Type: Full-Time
Starting Wage: $22.50 per hour
Work Location: Dublin, OH
This role is eligible to participate in ALDI’s Hybrid Work Program, which allows remote work up to 3 days per week (i.e., work remotely up to 3 days per week; work in-office at least 2 days per week)

Duties and Responsibilities:

Must be able to perform duties with or without reasonable accommodation.

Creates ad hoc reports for all National Real Estate departments.
Maintains routine data feeds for vendor partners and for internal reporting dashboards, as well as variance reporting for budget versus actual sales.Assists with divisional real estate teams with utilizing sales forecasting system.Manages various computer applications, database management, report generation and tracking spreadsheets.Collaborates with team members and communicates relevant information to direct leader.Upholds the security and confidentiality of documents and data within area of responsibility.Other duties as assigned.

Job Qualifications:

ALDI Acts Competencies:
Perform within ALDI Acts competencies as outlined below.
Collaborates and Cooperates with Team: Commits to and supports a collaborative and high-performing working environment with peers and direct leaders.Drives for Success: Seizes opportunities and proactively takes concrete actions to complete tasks. Goes the “extra mile” and persistently overcomes obstacles to improve outputs.Focuses on the Customer: Seeks to understand underlying customer needs to create value. Supports the office to maintain focus on customers.
Organizes and Executes with Accuracy: Leverages a systematic, efficient and organized approach while ensuring quality and accuracy of results.Thinks critically and Resolves Problems: Responds to emerging problems in an accurate and timely manner. Where possible, leverages available resources to address situations before they occur.

Job-specific Competencies:

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities
Gives attention to detail and follows instruction.Ability to stay organized and multi-task efficiently.Ability to work both independently and within a team environment.
Establishes goals and works toward achievement.
Effective time management; maximizes productivity.Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Proficient knowledge in Microsoft Office Suite- specifically Microsoft Excel.Thinks critically and analytically.

Education and Experience:
Bachelor's Degree in Real Estate or a related field required.A minimum of 2 years of relevant experience required.Or, a combination of education and experience providing equivalent knowledge.

Physical Requirements:
Work is performed in an office environment where a computer, telephone and other office equipment are used as needed to perform duties.Regularly required to sit, reach, grasp, stand and move from one area to another.Constantly and repeatedly use keyboard/mouse.Occasionally required to push, pull, bend, lift and move up to 25 lbs.

Travel:
No travel required.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
401(k) Plan
Company 401(k) Matching Contributions
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
PerkSpot National Employee Discount Program
In addition, eligible employees are offered:
Medical, Prescription, Dental & Vision Insurance
Generous Vacation Time & 7 Paid Holidays
Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life, Dependent Life and AD&D Insurance
Voluntary Term Life Insurance
ALDI is committed to equal opportunity for all employees and applicants. As a proud Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE), we do not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, sex, sexual stereotyping, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, mental or physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), or any other protected characteristic. Employment may be contingent upon ALDI's receipt of an acceptable and job-related drug test, motor vehicle report, and/or reference check, as applicable and permissible by law. 