Overview:

Utilize your expertise in data engineering and advanced analytics to influence the speed and execution of strategic business initiatives for a Fortune 200 company with some of the most iconic brands! Have a Bachelors degree with three years of experience working with data? Have experience with cloud platforms and large-scale data analysis tools? If so, we want to speak with you!
We are currently recruiting a Senior Data Engineer to join the team to help build data, analytical tools and frameworks to support our fast-growing analytics environments using the latest developments in technology, data engineering, and data science. This position can be fully remote or based in Richmond, VA.
What you’ll be doing:
Work cross-functionally with diverse partners to understand business needs and collaboratively develop high impact data and technology solutionsCollaborate closely with Data Science and Advanced Analytics teams in developing groundbreaking ML algorithms and deploying the models to highly efficient and well-governed environmentBuild data solutions and ensure they meet specific requirementsCollaborate with data engineers on your team and vendor partners to deliver needed tools and improve existing infrastructureOnboard new data sets, assess data quality, build operational and analytical data pipelinesOptimize query performance of large data sets for ad hoc exploration, analysis, and reportingCommunicate complex technical information to business customers and project teams in an effective and concise mannerParticipate as a technical resource for a variety of information projects that will be dictated by current business needs and technological developments
What we want you to have:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Analytics, Decision Science, Data Science, or related fields. Advanced degree preferred3+ years of experience working in the data analytics space
Experience with cloud platforms, preferably Microsoft Azure and DatabricksExperience with large-scale data collection and analysisExperience with batch, streaming, or API-based data integration patternsFamiliarity with advanced analytical techniques, machine learning and data visualization tools, such as Power BI or TableauStrong knowledge of programming languages, such as SQL, Python, R or Scala, preferably in a Spark environmentStrong organizational skills and understanding of agile project management methodologyStrong written and oral communication skills with demonstrated ability to communicate with technical and non-technical partners
In addition to the opportunity to apply and develop your skills toward key business objectives, we offer an excellent compensation package including a competitive base salary, comprehensive health/vision/dental insurance, participation in our deferred profit sharing and incentive compensation programs as well as a relocation assistance package.
Company Overview: Altria has a leading portfolio of tobacco products for U.S. tobacco consumers age 21+. Altria’s Vision through 2030 is to responsibly lead the transition of adult smokers to a non-combustible future. Altria is Moving Beyond Smoking™, leading the way in moving adult smokers away from cigarettes by taking action to transition millions to potentially less harmful choices - believing it is a substantial opportunity for adult tobacco consumers, Altria’s businesses and society. Altria’s wholly owned subsidiaries include the most profitable tobacco companies in their categories: Philip Morris USA Inc. (PM USA), U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company LLC (USSTC), and John Middleton Co. (Middleton). Altria’s smoke-free portfolio includes Helix Innovations LLC (Helix), the maker of on! oral nicotine pouches, exclusive U.S. commercialization rights to the IQOS Tobacco Heating System®* and Marlboro HeatSticks®*, and an equity investment in JUUL Labs, Inc. (JUUL). Altria also owns equity investments in Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (ABI), the world’s largest brewer, and Cronos Group Inc. (Cronos), a leading Canadian cannabinoid company. At Altria, we celebrate the power of diverse teams working together to shape our future. We are inspired to bring our best because our unique strengths are valued. We believe our personal success and progress should be guided by Our Cultural Aspiration, a new articulation of what we value and who we aspire to be, collectively. Our Cultural Aspiration respects and complements individual identity, embracing each other’s unique strengths, welcoming newcomers and developing the best, most inclusive and diverse teams. Join us as we work together to shape a better future for adult tobacco consumers, our employees, and our shareholders. Each Altria company is an equal opportunity employer. Learn more about Altria at www.altria.com and follow us on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. *IQOS Devices and HeatSticks® are currently unavailable for sale in the United States. 