Who keeps the quality of our products high and our value even higher? Our Quality Assurance team. This is where your expertise in everything from products to packaging to infrastructure will help us maintain the standards that our customers have come to expect. After all, as we continue our aggressive expansion plans, our consistency and quality will help us lead the way. Join us and help build our brand as you build your own career.

Position Type: Full-Time
Work Location: Batavia, IL
This role is eligible to participate in ALDI’s Hybrid Work Program, which allows remote work up to 3 days per week (i.e., work remotely up to 3 days per week; work in-office at least 2 days per week).

Duties and Responsibilities:
Must be able to perform duties with or without reasonable accommodation.
Assists the Quality Assurance department in analyzing and documenting quality management systems and processes.
Provides strategic support to Quality Assurance teams through the use and analysis of product data.
Recommends process improvements for area of responsibility.
Identifies, analyzes, and interprets Quality Assurance data and trends.
Utilizes data visualization tools to effectively communicate business insights.
Supports Quality Assurance department with ad-hoc analysis by gathering and organizing data into meaningful insights to enable decision-making.
Leads the development of relevant analytical tools, reports, and dashboards that encompass Quality Assurance data in connection with National Buying data.
Compiles data from disparate sources, creating and maintaining data models in order to identify and explain trends within products and suppliers.
Understands analytical requirements and prepares reports accordingly.
Prepares executive-level recommendations and requested reports.
Maintains strong documentation standards.
Contributes actively to the data science knowledgebase at ALDI.
Collaborates with team members and communicates relevant information to leadership.
Upholds the security and confidentiality of documents and data within area of responsibility.
Other duties as assigned.
Job Qualifications:
ALDI Acts Competencies:
Perform within ALDI Acts competencies as outlined below.
Drives for Success: Seizes opportunities and proactively takes concrete actions to complete tasks. Goes the “extra mile” and persistently overcomes obstacles to improve outputs.
Focuses on the Customer: Seeks to understand underlying customer needs to create value. Drives the team to maintain focus on customers.
Focuses on Quality: Takes an efficient, analytical approach to solve problems or produce outputs in an accurate and timely manner. Ensures quality and accuracy of results.
Manages and Supports Projects: Effectively plans, executes and supports project needs to support management and the larger ALDI business.
Organizes and Executes with Accuracy: Leverages a systematic, efficient and organized approach while ensuring quality and accuracy of results.
Job-specific Competencies:
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities
Gives attention to detail and follows instruction.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Effective time management; maximizes productivity.
Prepares written materials to meet purpose and audience.
Develops and maintains positive relationships with internal and external parties.
Problem-solving skills.
Ability to analyze and present complex data.
Ability to effectively communicate with individuals at varying levels.
Education and Experience:
Bachelor's Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Data Science or a related field required.
A minimum of 3 years of progressive experience in Analytics required.
Competence in data analysis in Excel required.
Experience with BI tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Alteryx, or other related data analysis and visualization tools required.
Experience in automation of analytical processes via Alteryx, Python, or other respective scripting languages required.
Experience in data visualization and storytelling in Tableau or another software preferred.
Experience analyzing retail KPIs, conducting quantitative research, and gleaning insights preferred.
Or, a combination of education and experience providing equivalent knowledge.
Physical Requirements:
Work is performed in an office environment where a computer, telephone and other office equipment are used as needed to perform duties.
Regularly required to sit, reach, grasp, stand and move from one area to another.
Constantly and repeatedly use keyboard/mouse.
Occasionally required to push, pull, bend, lift and move up to 25 lbs.
Travel:
Domestic travel required.
Up to 10%.
ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:
401(k) Plan
Company 401(k) Matching Contributions
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
PerkSpot National Employee Discount Program
In addition, eligible employees are offered:
Medical, Prescription, Dental & Vision Insurance
Generous Vacation Time & 7 Paid Holidays
Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life, Dependent Life and AD&D Insurance
Voluntary Term Life Insurance
Click here to learn more about the benefits ALDI has to offer
ALDI is committed to equal opportunity for all employees and applicants. As a proud Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE), we do not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, sex, sexual stereotyping, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, mental or physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), or any other protected characteristic. Employment may be contingent upon ALDI's receipt of an acceptable and job-related drug test, motor vehicle report, and/or reference check, as applicable and permissible by law. 