The Opportunity:
Ever-expanding technology like IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence means that there’s more structured and unstructured data available today than ever before. As a data engineer, you know that organizing big data can yield pivotal insights when it’s gathered from disparate sources. We need a data professional like you to help our clients find answers in their big data to impact important missions—from fraud detection to cancer research to national intelligence.
As a big data engineer at Booz Allen, you’ll use your skills to implement data engineering activities on some of the most mission-driven projects in the industry. You’ll help develop and deploy the pipelines and platforms that organize and make disparate data meaningful.
We have an opportunity for you to develop your analytical skills and establish your career in data science. You’ll join a rigorous training program that combines skills assessments, a comprehensive curriculum, functional mentorship, a capstone analytic challenge, and support to place you on your first data science project. You’ll learn how to write scripts to integrate data, conduct exploratory data analysis to discover hidden trends, apply machine learning in AWS to train predictive models, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers that inform decisions. Equipped with the foundational data science skills to accelerate your career, you’ll join a team and apply those skills to support our clients’ critical national security missions. This position is a hybrid role with a combination of working at a Booz Allen office or client site and working remotely.
Work with us to use big data for good.
Join us. The world can’t wait.
You Have: 2+ years of experience in a professional work environment Experience with querying or analyzing data to answer questions and solve problems Experience with visualizing data to identify or communicate key insights Knowledge of basic concepts in mathematics and statistics Knowledge of Cloud environments Ability to obtain a security clearance Bachelor's degree
Nice If You Have: Experience with systems engineering or systems administration Experience with Amazon Web Services Experience with Azure Experience with Docker, Kubernetes and Ansible Knowledge Python or GitHub in Data Science Ability to learn a programming language Secret clearance BA or BS degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, Statistics, or CS
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Create Your Career:
Grow With Us
Your growth matters to us—that’s why we offer a variety of ways for you to develop your career. With professional and leadership development opportunities like upskilling programs, tuition reimbursement, mentoring, and firm-sponsored networking, you can chart a unique and fulfilling career path on your own terms.
A Place Where You Belong
Diverse perspectives cultivate collective ingenuity. Booz Allen’s culture of respect, equity, and opportunity means that, here, you are free to bring your whole self to work. With an array of business resource groups and other opportunities for connection, you’ll develop your community in no time.
Support Your Well-Being
Our comprehensive benefits package includes wellness programs with HSA contributions, paid holidays, paid parental leave, a generous 401(k) match, and more. With these benefits, plus the option for flexible schedules and remote and hybrid locations, we’ll support you as you pursue a balanced, fulfilling life—at work and at home.
Your Candidate Journey
At Booz Allen, we know our people are what propel us forward, and we value relationships most of all. Here, we’ve compiled a list of resources so you’ll know what to expect as we forge a connection with you during your journey as a candidate with us.
We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law. 