EdPlus at ASU is hiring a motivated and creative Data Science Associate to join our high-performing Applied Data Science and Technology team. This role includes developing and maintaining complex tables relating to user web behavior analytics, prospect outreach efforts from the CRM and student information data and conducting descriptive and predictive data analysis tasks.

This opportunity might be perfect for you if you are passionate about statistics, data analysis and machine learning, and love working on big data with real world impact.

EdPlus is a unit of the ASU Enterprise focused on the design and scalable delivery of digital teaching and learning models to increase student success and reduce barriers to achievement in higher education. We advance the economic, social, cultural, and overall health of the local, national and international communities served by ASU.

EdPlus at ASU

ASU offers a total compensation package that includes valuable employee benefits. Click here to explore options.
Healthcare
Financial Security
Retirement
Family Resources
Tuition Reduction (Eligible ASU Employee, their dependents and spouse.)
Discounts
Job Family
Research Operations
Department Name
EdPlus Applied Data Science
Full-Time/Part-Time
Full-Time
VP Code
EdPlus at ASU
Scope of Search
Open
Grant Funded Position
This is not a grant funded position and is not contingent on future grant funding.
Salary Range
$50,300 - $80,000 per year; DOE
Close Date
16-September-2022
Category
02
Essential Duties
Processes and cleans raw web behavior data to build descriptive visualizations and reports.
Maintains tables from external data sources such as Salesforce CRM, Student Information System, etc.
Performs complex joins between different data sources to create single unified views.
Builds machine learning models to identify likelihood of different critical funnel events such as application start, submit, admit and enrollment.
Provides effective communications to leadership regarding model performance, project status, and other key findings.
Develops and implements plans to use predictive modeling, trend analysis and other data analysis techniques to explore data and to answer specific research questions.
Leads the secure collection, cleaning, standardization, transformation and storing of data from various sources.
Ensures the data preparation and presentation processes result in products that meet project requirements.
Evaluates the impact of innovations and interventions intended to improve student outcomes.
Utilizes effective project planning techniques to break down projects into tasks and supervises their accomplishment and ensures deadlines are met.
Prepares and oversees the preparation of reports, dashboards and presentations.
Collaborates with the team in order to improve the effectiveness of computational models using data analysis and feedback from education stakeholders.
Assumes or coordinates other duties or projects as assigned or directed.
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Computer Information Systems, Business Information, Economics or a related field and one (1) year of related data analysis experience, OR, any equivalent combination of experience and/or education from which comparable knowledge, skills and abilities have been achieved.
Desired Qualifications
Evidence of a Bachelor's degree or higher in a related field.
Evidence of ability to maintain current understanding of the ever-changing AI and ML landscape.
Experience in training and deploying machine learning models.
Experience in proficiency in the Google AI platform.
Experience in the curation of 1st-party behavioral data.
Experience in Google Analytics 360.
Experience in SQL.
Experience in Python/R.
Experience in visualization tools such as Google DataStudio and Tableau.
Experience with Google Tag Manager or like systems.
Demonstrated knowledge with common data science languages.
Experience in the concept of client-side data layer orchestration and enrichment.
Evidence of ability to effectively lead group sessions of diverse teams.
Evidence of ability to delegate tasks and lead complex projects.
Demonstrated knowledge with learning management, customer relationship management, and student information system type data.
Working Environment
EdPlus at ASU is located at SkySong, the ASU Scottsdale Innovation Center. The center houses a diverse business community that links technology, research, education, and entrepreneurship to position ASU and Greater Phoenix as global leaders in the knowledge economy.

Activities are primarily performed in a regular, climate-controlled office setting subject to extended periods of sitting or standing. Daily use of desktop or laptop computer is required. Ability to clearly communicate to perform essential duties. Regular review of completed tasks.

EdPlus at ASU supports flexible work options, ranging from alternate work schedules to hybrid remote work schedules, subject to approvals per ASU policy.
Department Statement
EdPlus defines itself through a culture of curiosity, risk-taking and refusing to accept the status quo. As a central enterprise unit for ASU focused on the design and scalable delivery of digital teaching and learning models to increase student success and reduce barriers to achievement in higher education, our commitments support the university charter. ASU is a national service university and aspires to accelerate positive social outcomes through the seamless integration of cutting-edge technological innovation and scalability.

EdPlus employees are valued, respected, and encouraged to be their unique selves. We are committed to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging in everything we do. We know that our ability to deliver high-quality services and educational experiences is strengthened by the diversity of our employees. Our innovative culture drives outcomes through serving learners, achieving milestones, striving for excellence, solving problems, feeling a sense of urgency, and being bold.

EdPlus at ASU
ASU Statement
Arizona State University is a new model for American higher education, an unprecedented combination of academic excellence, entrepreneurial energy and broad access. This New American University is a single, unified institution comprising four differentiated campuses positively impacting the economic, social, cultural and environmental health of the communities it serves. Its research is inspired by real world application blurring the boundaries that traditionally separate academic disciplines. ASU serves more than 100,000 students in metropolitan Phoenix, Arizona, the nation's fifth largest city. ASU champions intellectual and cultural diversity, and welcomes students from all fifty states and more than one hundred nations across the globe.


ASU is a tobacco-free university. For details visit https://wellness.asu.edu/explore-wellness/body/alcohol-and-drugs/tobacco


Arizona State University is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor and an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by law.

Notice of Availability of the ASU Annual Security and Fire Safety Report
In compliance with federal law, ASU prepares an annual report on campus security and fire safety programs and resources. ASU’s Annual Security and Fire Safety Report is available online at https://www.asu.edu/police/PDFs/ASU-Clery-Report.pdf. You may request a hard copy of the report by contacting the ASU Police Department at 480-965-3456.

Relocation Assistance – For information about schools, housing child resources, neighborhoods, hospitals, community events, and taxes, visit https://cfo.asu.edu/relocation-services.
Employment Verification Statement
ASU conducts pre-employment screening which may include verification of work history, academic credentials, licenses, and certifications.
Background Check Statement
ASU conducts pre-employment screening for all positions which includes a criminal background check, verification of work history, academic credentials, licenses, and certifications. Employment is contingent upon successful passing of the background check.
Instructions to Apply
Application deadline is 3:00PM Arizona time on the date indicated.

Please include all employment information in month/year format (e.g., 6/88 to 8/94), job title, job duties and name of employer for each position.

Resume and cover letter should clearly illustrate how prior knowledge and experience meets the Minimum and Desired qualifications of this position.

ASU does not pay for travel expenses associated with interviews, unless otherwise indicated.

Only electronic applications are accepted for this position.

Applicant must be eligible to work in the United States; EdPlus at ASU will not be a sponsor for this position.

IMPORTANT NOTE: What is the meaning of “equivalent combination” in the minimum qualifications? It means one year of higher education or 24 credit hours, is equal to one year of experience. For example, a four year Bachelor’s degree is equal to four years of experience.
Data Science Associate | Arizona State University 