Veeva [NYSE: VEEV] is the leader in cloud-based software for the global life sciences industry. Committed to innovation, product excellence, and customer success, our customers range from the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to emerging biotechs. Veeva’s software helps our customers bring medicines and therapies to patients faster.
We are the first public company to become a Public Benefit Corporation. As a PBC, we are committed to making the industries we serve more productive, and we are committed to creating high-quality employment opportunities.
Veeva is a Work Anywhere company which means that you can choose to work in the environment that works best for you – on any given day. Whether you choose to work remotely from home or work in an office – it’s up to you.
The Role
Veeva is dedicated to partnering with the life sciences industry in utilizing data and analytics to support customer strategy and meet customer goals. Veeva is looking for senior people who can own client relationships, strategy, and manage engagements with leading pharmaceutical companies. These engagements may include both Data and Analytics opportunities.
What You’ll Do
Develop and deliver insightful, value-added support to assist clients in addressing complex client issues
Provide direction and leadership to clients and delivery teams
Mentor, coach, and share subject matter expertise with others to help develop individuals and capabilities delivering best in class data & analytics solutions for customers
Provide input and ensure the development of client reports and presentations
Manage and escalate data inquiries and investigations as needed
Requirements
7+ years of relevant experience
Experience with client-facing communication
Experience running life-sciences commercial analytics studies and/or engagements
Experience scoping and/or delivering data, analysis, and/or consulting services to the life sciences industry
Deep understanding of business use cases for data and analytics
#LI-Remote
#BI-Remote
Veeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.
Veeva is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need when applying for a role or in our recruitment process, please contact us at talent_accommodations@veeva.com. 