IQVIA is one of the world’s leading CRO’s and we are on a mission to accelerate innovation for a healthier world. In this IT Project Coordinator role you’ll get to play a vital role to ensuring our business applications are operating as efficiently as possible. This will be achieved by leading projects focused on the adoption of standards, enhancing features of enterprise applications, supporting the delivery of global projects, and much more.
This IT Project Coordinator has ample room for growth. As projects transpire effectively there will be more opportunities given to collaborate with Senior Leadership on very visible programs, opening the door for a plethora of future opportunities.
If you’re passionate about process improvements, innovation, and project management and would like to use your expertise to accelerate innovation within healthcare, then APPLY TODAY!
Essential Functions
Formulates a proposed approach, plan/schedule, and estimates costs to meet business objectives aligned with projects assigned
Closely monitors progress against plan and ensures actions are taken to deliver according to agreed schedule.
Gathers information from business sponsors, identifies requirements, and translates requirements into design specifications.
Presents proposals to business sponsors to validate those proposals.
Assesses project risks and specifies contingencies.
Ensures IQVIA quality processes are followed and advocates for the adoption of these processes
Develops ability to identify and understand business needs and formulate technical proposals to meet those identified business needs.
Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree Computer Science or equivalent experience
Eighteen (18) months of experience in a systems development environment preferred but not required
Good technical awareness and an ability to learn new technology quickly
Strong communication skills
Some knowledge around project management methodologies is preferred but not required.
Agile, Waterfall, ITIL, etc.
Ability to organize and prioritize tasks affiliated to various backgrounds and initiatives
Previous experience utilizing any of the following:
Excel
Jira
Smartsheet
Power BI
IQVIA is a leading global provider of advanced analytics, technology solutions and clinical research services to the life sciences industry. We believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. Learn more at https://jobs.iqvia.com
We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all, including veterans and candidates with disabilities. https://jobs.iqvia.com/eoe
As the COVID-19 virus continues to evolve, IQVIA’s ability to operate and provide certain services to customers and partners necessitates IQVIA and its employees meet specific requirements regarding vaccination status. https://jobs.iqvia.com/covid-19-vaccine-status 