There are over 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we’re all about at John Deere. And it’s why we’re investing in our people and our technology like never before! Here the world’s brightest minds are tackling the world’s biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we’ll put you to work. RIGHT NOW.
Primary Location: United States; Moline, IL or Des Moines, IA
Function: Data Science & Analytics
Title: Data Science & Analytics Development Program 2023a - 89942
The Data Science & Analytics Development Program is a full-time, permanent position for new or recent graduates interested in working as a Data Scientist or Data Engineer. This provides an accelerated development experience during the first 3 years of employment in the company, through 3 one-year-long work assignments. Employees rotate across varied functional areas such as Financial Services, IT, Precision Agriculture, Customer & Product Support, Sales & Marketing, Engineering, etc.
What will you do?
Build a network of contacts across 3 different areas of John Deere’s business
Gaining expertise using the latest analytics technology & tools
Integrate large and diverse data sets together
Learn and apply appropriate data science techniques to solve business problems
Do you have what it takes?
Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD Degree in Data Science, Analytics, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering or related quantitative discipline
Desired cumulative GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale
Knowledge of applied statistical analysis, modeling techniques, and data visualization methods
Ability to demonstrate algorithm development and predictive modeling to solve problems
Proficiency in programming languages SQL, R, Python, and/or SAS
We have development program locations across the United States so you must be willing to relocate and travel domestically. Work Statement: US Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
What You'll Get
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go while working in an inclusive team environment. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. Interns receive competitive compensation and are eligible for many of the benefits offered to full-time employees, including:

Flexible work arrangementsHighly competitive base paySavings & retirement benefits (401k and Defined Benefit Pension)Healthcare benefitsEmployee Assistance ProgramsTuition assistanceFitness subsidies and on-site gyms at specific Deere locationsCharitable contribution matchEmployee Purchase Plan & numerous discount programs for personal use
Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package. 