There are over 7 billion people on this planet. And by 2050, there will be 2 billion more... many moving into urban centers at an unprecedented rate. Making sure there is enough food, fiber and infrastructure for our rapidly growing world is what we're all about at John Deere. And it's why we're investing in our people and our technology like never before! Here the world's brightest minds are tackling the world's biggest challenges. If you believe one person can make the world a better place, we'll put you to work. RIGHT NOW.
John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identify or expression, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
Primary Location: United States (US) - Iowa - Urbandale - Remote
Function: Product Engineering
Title: Part-Time Student-Data Engineering-Remote - 89741
Onsite/Remote:Remote Position
This position is open to remote work with the option to work onsite at John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group (ISG) in Urbandale, Iowa, if preferred.
The Part-Time Student Program is primarily designed to augment the Company’s regular full-time staff and is for students who work in parallel to their school schedule YEAR-ROUND.
Your Responsibilities
Write clean, well-tested code to ingest, store, retrieve, and transform large-scale geospatial data for research and model development.
Build and support production-oriented data pipelines and APIs that are efficient and reliable with robust monitoring.
Develop the next generation of data products that enable secure, performant, cost effective access to data for research and model development.
Collaborate closely with data scientists and engineers to identify and build needed infrastructure, tools, and libraries to support machine learning algorithms.
What Skills You Need
Ideally you will be pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Data Science or a Technology related discipline; others may apply
Must be registered as a full-time student at an accredited university
Graduation date of May 2023 or later
Cumulative GPA of 2.8 or above
Available to work 15+ hours/week during the academic year
Available to work 35-40 hours/week during the summer semester
Available to work on and complete assignments remotely
Strong coding skills in at least one programming language
Must be willing to learn Python or Scala with training provided
Experience with unit testing
What Makes You Stand Out
Data engineering experience
Experience with Apache Spark, Databricks or AWS Sagemaker
Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) or similar cloud services utilizing infrastructure-as-code and CI/CD pipelines
Experience working with Data Scientists and deploying and supporting data science models
What You'll Get
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go while working in an inclusive team environment. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. Additionally, we offer a comprehensive reward package to help you get started on your new career path, including:
Flexible work arrangements
Highly competitive base pay and performance bonuses
Savings & Retirement benefits (401K and Defined Benefit Pension)
Healthcare benefits with a generous company contribution in the Health Savings Account
Adoption assistance
Employee Assistance Programs
Tuition assistance
Fitness subsidies and on-site gyms at specific Deere locations
Charitable contribution match
Employee Purchase Plan & numerous discount programs for personal use
Click Here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.
The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.
The terms of the applicable benefit plans, and all company actions administering or interpreting these plans, continue to control. Deere & Company reserves the right to suspend, amend, modify, or terminate the Plan(s) in any manner at any time, including the right to modify or eliminate any cost-sharing between the company and participants. Changes, which can be made at any time, are made by action of the company's board of directors, or to the extend authorized by resolution of its board of directors, or by the Deere & Company Compensation Committee. In the event of a conflict between the language of the official Plan Documents and this document, the language of the official Plan Documents will control.
ACA Section 1557 Nondiscrimination Notice
The John Deere Health Benefit Plans for Salaried and Wage Employees comply with applicable Federal civil rights laws and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, or sex. 