Overview
Guidehouse is a leading global provider of consulting services to the public sector and commercial markets, with broad capabilities in management, technology, and risk consulting. By combining our public and private sector expertise, we help clients address their most complex challenges and navigate significant regulatory pressures focusing on transformational change, business resiliency, and technology-driven innovation. Across a range of advisory, consulting, outsourcing, and digital services, we create scalable, innovative solutions that help our clients outwit complexity and position them for future growth and success. The company has more than 12,000 professionals in over 50 locations globally. Guidehouse is a Veritas Capital portfolio company, led by seasoned professionals with proven and diverse expertise in traditional and emerging technologies, markets, and agenda-setting issues driving national and global economies. For more information, please visit www.guidehouse.com.

Responsibilities
Guidehouse seeks to add talented professionals to our growing Public Sector practice! Come join us in providing high impact, mission-centric support to our Public Sector Resource Management clients. You will provide direct client support and learn to support, own, and drive business development to allow for career progression and future challenging (and rewarding) project assignments. The professionals we seek are team-oriented, dedicated, and adaptable individuals with a desire for development, growth, and success. Apply with us if that describes you!
As a Consultant providing program and risk management support services to our Resource Management clients, you will begin your journey at Guidehouse supporting an important and strategic client opportunity. Your responsibilities will include:
Working with a team to develop solutions to solve process and policy challenges for a government clientLearning about the management and financial requirements and objectives for a complex, high-visibility infrastructure investment programProducing data analyses and packaging the results for clientsFacilitating working sessions with key stakeholders and analyzing the input received from the groupsDeveloping work products that synthesize information into recommendations for clientsSupporting ongoing process improvement to enhance delivery qualityProviding change management recommendations to clientsSupporting team management with business development activities, including, but not limited to, proposal writing and client researchBeing adaptable to changing client requirements and asksDemonstrating an ability and desire to learn new skills, challenge yourself, and increase your capabilities and competencies

Qualifications
Required:
1+ years of experience in internal / external client facing management consulting, strategy, or operations positionBachelor’s Degree from an accredited college/universityProficiency in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Visio, and ExcelStrong written and verbal communication skillsStrong attention to detail
Preferred:
Experience in consulting (preferably Federal)Experience or strong interest in data analysis and modeling (use of R, Python, SQL, and experience with DLT highly preferred)Certification(s) in Program Management, Data Analysis, or Modeling / Visualizations

Interest in business development, client growth, and investing time and energy into a growing business

Additional Requirements
The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.

Disclaimer
About Guidehouse
Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.
Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.
If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.
Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
Rewards and Benefits
Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.
Benefits include:
Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive bonus
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program 