Salud Revenue Partners (Salud) is a technology-enabled service company with experienced leadership and a high-performance culture that partners with healthcare providers to improve revenue cycle performance.Our vision is to be a national model for the delivery of revenue cycle services. We are at the forefront of innovation, applying next-generation process automation and artificial intelligence to focus on the most productive work to help healthcare organizations resolve difficult accounts receivable, find gold in zero balance accounts, achieve the highest coding accuracy and carry out patient-centered solutions to self-pay.At Salud Revenue Partners, you can work for an organization dedicated to your employee development as well as delivering unparalleled results for our customers. We give staff objectives, exceptional training and technology-enabled resources to accomplish goals – and then set them free to get the job done. We encourage fresh ideas and a collaborative approach to delivering industry-leading solutions to clients.What do our current staff members say about Salud Revenue Partners? These responses were compiled from our anonymous staff survey in July 2021:Sense of purpose: 98% of staff agree with the statement, “Salud does the right thing for patients.”Overall satisfaction: 96% agree with the statement, “Overall, I am satisfied with my job.”Flexibility: 96% agree with the statement, “I would recommend Salud to prospective employees.”Database/Applications AnalystThis is an opportunity for an energetic problem solver who wants to play a vital role in improving the efficiency of Salud Revenue Partners operations, while also producing information that informs Salud management, staff and clients. The Analyst works in a fast-paced environment requiring skills in programming, database design and maintenance, automation using scripts, software support, systems analysis, and documentation.JOB DESCRIPTION1. Set up and maintain Salud systems; including SQL databases to support assignment and analysis of work, making sure they operate efficiently, fine-tuning, upgrading, and testing modifications as needed.2. Programs scripts to automate processes, including data exchange between client and Salud systems.3. Be instrumental in the bi-directional flow of information between Salud and all Salud clients.4. Develops, recommends and implements improvements to system capabilities.5. Assists with the maintenance of system dictionaries and data tables.6. Insure effective and accurate integration of software applications. Responsible for auditing system alignment and data integrity.7. Ensures all enhancements, upgrades and patches are thoroughly tested and planned before implementation in the production environment.　8. Develops clear and concise reports, such as:a. Key performance indicatorsb. Reports on accounts receivables and/or denialsc. Support for revenue cycle councilsd. Month-end reportse. Ad hoc reports9. Develops or maintains technical and user documentation.EXPERIENCE/SKILLS· Strong analytic skills· Experience in implementing operational automation using scripts.· Moderate to advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office.· Proficiency with at least one programming language required. Please note all programming proficiencies on your application.· Ability to critically evaluate and merge data from multiple source systems.· Delivers informative, well-organized project updates. Communicates, prioritizes, tracks, and resolves issues in a timely fashion.· Healthcare analytic experience and knowledge preferred.· Knowledge of information systems design principles and new systems design techniques associated with SQL databases and .NET framework a plus.· Experience with Microsoft Dynamics CRM is a plus.Job Type: Full-timePay: From $52,000.00 per yearBenefits:401(k)401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee assistance programFlexible scheduleFlexible spending accountHealth insuranceLife insurancePaid time offReferral programVision insuranceSchedule:8 hour shiftMonday to FridaySupplemental pay types:Bonus payCOVID-19 considerations:Vaccination required, increased sanitationApplication Question(s):Are you willing to undergo a background check?Education:Bachelor's (Required)Experience:Automation: 2 years (Preferred)Work Location: Remote 