JOB SUMMARY: Design, develop and evaluate advanced predictive and machine learning models with a focus on the personalization and optimization of audience first, marketing tactics. Analyze and extract relevant information about guest behaviors and preferences from both structured and unstructured data to better understand marketing opportunities. Conduct advanced analysis on various marketing efforts to gauge performance, impact and effectiveness against the desired results. Responsible for building efficient and scalable automated data processes that prep and standardize various data sources in support of personalization. Delivers accurate, clear, concise insights and visualizations leveraging predictive results that inform and inspire internal stakeholders to make better business decisions.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:

Mine data to detect patterns, opportunities and insights via advanced analytical techniques to drive Personalization and Audience Strategy.
Translates business driven hypothesis and scenarios into a modeling framework. Develop predictive models using advanced machine learning methodologies to target and personalize the experience of individuals across digital touchpoints.
Conduct analyses utilizing 1/2/3 Party and appended information about audiences to facilitate the right content, at the right time, across a guest’s planning, shopping, and on-property experience. Create a comprehensive understanding of consumer behaviors that drives audience strategy, improves the customer experience and generates revenue.
Serve as a subject matter expert on design of experiments including test structure, sequencing, identification of primary and secondary success metrics, minimum required sample size, and test duration calculation.
Understands and actively participates in Environmental, Health & Safety responsibilities by following established UO policy, procedures, training and team member involvement activities.
Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION: Advanced degree (M.S., or M.A., or Ph.D.) in relevant quantitative field (e.g., computer science, mathematics, engineering, statistics, data science, business analytics) required.

EXPERIENCE:

5+ years of prior hands-on experience in data science is preferred; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Competency in programming with statistical modeling tools to fuel and deliver marketing personalization and business insights.
Strong familiarity with manipulating and mining data to transform business decisions that impact the bottom line.
Knowledgeable in leveraging visual analytics to create a seamless and inspirational story that inspire and inform business leaders with the necessary knowledge to drive revenue and customer loyalty.

Your talent, skills and experience will be rewarded with a competitive compensation package.

Universal is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Universal Orlando via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written Statement of Work in place for this position from Universal Orlando HR/Recruitment will be deemed the sole property of Universal Orlando. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Universal Orlando as a result of the referral or through other means.

Universal Orlando Resort. Here you can.

Universal Orlando is an equal opportunity employer. Universal elements and all related indicia TM & © 2022 Universal Studios. All rights reserved. EOE 