Who We are

BairesDev is proud to be the fastest-growing company in America. With people in five continents and world-class clients, we are only as strong as the multicultural teams at the heart of our business. To consistently deliver the highest quality solutions to our clients, we only hire the Top 1% of the best talents and nurture their professional growth on exciting projects.
Data Science / Data Engineer at BairesDev
We are looking for a Data Scientist / Data Engineers to join our Development team and participate in different projects made up of multicultural teams distributed throughout the world.

What You’ll Do:
Interview other Data Scientists and Data engineers to vet their technical abilities.
Input data from those interviews into the product and help develop a predictive, fair, and enjoyable solution.
Work together with developers, tech leads, and solution architects to build applications.Improve existing structures by adding new functionalities or proposing technological updates so that as a result, the impact of your contribution is significant in the core of each business.Improve the user experience on scalable and high availability platforms, contributing to the key differential of each business.
Here’s what we are looking for:
5+ years of experience working as a developer.3+ years of experience working as a Data Scientist / Data Engineer.Proficient with analysis, troubleshooting, and problem-solving.Hands-on experience with managing data loads and data quality.Advanced English level.
How we do make your work (and your life) easier:
100% remote work.Hardware setup for you to work from home.
- Flexible hours - make your schedule.
Paid parental leave, vacation & holidays.Diverse and multicultural work environment.An innovative environment with the structure and resources of a leading multinational.Excellent compensation — well above the market average.Here you can grow at the speed of your learning curve.
Our people work remotely but with a consistent and robust culture that promotes diversity and teamwork. To continue being the leading software development company in Latin America, we want to ensure that every BairesDev member gets the best growth and professional development opportunities in a diverse, welcoming, and innovative environment.

Every BairesDev team member brings something unique to our company.
We want to hear your story. Apply now! 