Summary
Posted: Jul 13, 2022
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:200386977
** Available for New College Grads graduating in Winter 2022 to start in Winter 2023** The AI/ML Rotational Program is an outstanding, full-time, development program within the AI/ML organization at Apple for new early in career graduates. The program commences in Winter 2023 and offers you the opportunity to grow, both personally and expertly, through mentorship and a variety of curated projects, assignments and teams. Rotation Engineers will benefit from a combination of training and on-the-job work experience. You will rotate through several teams to gain a breadth of experience & exposure to various projects to help you discover your strengths and passion. Upon successful completion of the program, Rotation Engineers will transition into a non-rotating role within Apple. Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly — and making the kind of impact that changes people's lives. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. The people here at Apple don’t just craft products — they build the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Play a part in the next revolution in human-computer interaction. Contribute to a product that is redefining mobile computing. Create groundbreaking technology for artificial intelligence. Work with the people who created the intelligent assistant that helps millions of people get things done — just by asking. You will also have a unique and rewarding opportunity to contribute to cool projects around Apple, and use your data science, machine learning, natural language, computer vision and artificial intelligence skills to transfer your ideas into solutions for some of the most challenging technical problems in the next generation of products that will surprise and delight millions of people. We want new ambitious team members to join the AI/ML Rotation Program at Apple!
Key Qualifications
Graduating in Fall-Winter 2022 timeframe
Strong Computer Science fundamentals including familiarity with basic algorithms and data structures
Strong object-oriented programming and design skills
Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills.
Description
Apple's central AI/ML org is looking for engineers who are passionate about using machine learning to build new user experiences. The team you will join is looking for someone with a combination of strong programming skills and a creative, user-focused mindset. We seek a true team player who can collaborate with engineers in several technical areas. In this role, you should be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment with rapidly changing priorities and get up to speed quickly in new technical areas. SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: - A wide range of software engineering tasks across multiple domain areas - Machine learning projects involving state of the art modeling techniques - Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, understand dependencies, define an architecture, and implement solutions to well-defined projects - Work with multiple teams across the organization to gain a broad understanding of the Siri architecture
Education & Experience
Currently pursuing an undergraduate or graduate degree with an encouraged graduation date of Winter 2022 to start in Winter 2023. Required majors include: CS or CE.
Additional Requirements
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 