At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors.
Job Description
The Data Analytics & Reporting Analyst provides a strategic approach to identify and manage third party risk through data analysis. This includes assisting strategic approaches for gathering, maintaining, and reporting data with tools like SQL, Tableau, MS Access, and Archer (eGRC). Successful candidate will be involved in reporting on Key Risk Indicators (KRI), operational metrics, and provides support of audit and exam reporting.

Primary Responsibilities
Develop and maintain reporting on operational risk metrics and other on-going projects
Use SQL, MS Excel, and MS Access to create weekly and monthly reporting packages
Assist with creating and updating processes and procedures
Communicate significant issues to multiple stakeholders, including executive management
Develop user dashboards that provide actionable data to internal partners
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience
Five to seven years of experience in an applicable risk management environment
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelors degree in a quantitative field such as mathematics, statistics, economics, accounting/finance preferred
Experience extracting, collecting, organizing, analyzing, and interpreting results for insights in a meaningful way
Strong technical acumen and proficiency with data analytics and reporting tools
Well-organized and detail orientated
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Previous experience with internal audit, compliance, regulatory, and/or risk functions
Experience with Archer (eGRC), SQL and Tableau
The working model for this position is remote and can be located anywhere within the United States
** This role is not eligible for H1B or STEM VISA Transfer or Assistance
Tag: INDMO
If there’s anything we can do to accommodate a disability during any portion of the application or hiring process, please refer to our disability accommodations for applicants .
Benefits:

Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits. We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve. That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family.
Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting careers.usbank.com .
EEO is the Law

Applicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law poster.
E-Verify
U.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program .
Salary range reflected is an estimate of base pay and is for the primary location. Base pay range may vary if an offer is made for work in a different location. Pay Range: $84,065.00 - $98,900.00 - $108,790.00
Due to legal requirements, U.S. Bank requires that the successful candidate hired for some positions be fully-vaccinated for COVID-19, absent being granted an accommodation due to a medical condition, pregnancy, or sincerely held religious belief or other legally required exemption. For these positions, as part of the conditional offer of employment, the successful candidate will be asked to provide proof of vaccination or approval for an accommodation or exemption upon hire.
U.S. Bank will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 