For more than 25 years, CAMELOT Management Consultants has been the frontrunner of an integrated consulting approach, combining management consulting with digital innovations and capabilities. We support our customers from Strategy to Results.
Part of our consulting network with more than 550 value chain consultants globally, our supply chain practice in the US needs YOU.

(Associate) Consultant Data & Analytics

With the ever-increasing influence of digital trends in various industries, managing the corporate development from the information side is key for companies to successfully utilize these digital trends. Our Data & Analytics Consultants work in international and interdisciplinary teams, where we drive the digital future of our global customers. We pride ourselves of our flat hierarchies and dynamic corporate culture, in which strong arguments mean more than titles. Thanks to our wide range of training schemes, deep industry expertise, and large variety of topics, our team members can shape their individual career paths.


What's your impact?
Understand and analyze our customer`s data assets and support the definition of vision, road maps and the identification of improvement areas
Support designing value-adding data structures, processes and solutions as well as roles and responsobilities
Hone your technical expertise and guide or drive the implementation of digital solutions and software to achieve the supply chain vision
In addition to working with clients, you will also work with colleagues in the US and globally to form our vision of data & analytics and contribute to necessary digital innovations
Location: Greater Philadelphia area with flex office option, i.e. work from where you can work best, or your team needs you most:
Our Philadelphia area office, your home office, or our customer`s location
Working remotely in other areas of the US might be a consideration

How do you stand out?
You have completed or about to complete your studies in the areas information systems, supply chain management, industrial engineering, or similar and are eager to put theory in practice
You already have a few years of initial job experience in a relevant role in consulting or the industry? Great!
Strong analytical skills are the key. So is affinity to data and digital solutions & systems
Ability and desire to work collaboratively in a team environment and with people at various levels in an organization, internally and externally
You communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing
You have an interest in digital trends (Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation)
Initial experience with data management & analytics or ERP systems such as SAP would be a plus
What do we believe in?
Innovation by collaboration - this is our mission. Consultancy is people business and knowledge is key. That is why we value our employees as much as our clients. Together, we develop skills mutually matching our visions and ideas by constantly learning, growing and innovating. CAMELOT colleagues take responsibility from the moment they join us. Entrepreneurial attitude is as important to us as strong teamwork, knowledge sharing and corporate social responsibility.

Ready to join? Melissa Whitaker is your CAMELOT contact: +1 267-589-9257
Your Benefits

A peek into your benefits

Free Brainfood
Personal Innovation Days
Mentoring
Corporate Events 