Overview:
Role Title
Data Analyst
Reports To
Project Manager/ Database Lead
Direct Reports
NA
Indirect Reports
(Upto N-2)
NA
Role Purpose
The purpose of this role is to interpret data and turn intoinformation (reports, dashboards, interactive visualizations etc) whichcan offer ways to improve a business, thus affecting business decisions.
Do
Managing the technical scope of the project in line with therequirements at all stages
Gather information from various sources (data warehouses,database, data integration and modelling) and interpret patterns andtrends
Develop record management process and policies
Build and maintain relationships at all levels within the clientbase and understand their requirements.
Providing sales data, proposals, data insights and accountreviews to the client base
Identify areas to increase efficiency and automation ofprocesses
Set up and maintain automated data processes
Identify, evaluate and implement external services and tools tosupport data validation and cleansing.
Produce and track key performance indicators
Analyze the data sets and provide adequate information
Liaise with internal and external clients to fully understanddata content
Design and carry out surveys and analyze survey data as per thecustomer requirement
Analyze and interpret complex data sets relating tocustomer’s business and prepare reports for internal and externalaudiences using business analytics reporting tools
Create data dashboards, graphs and visualization to showcasebusiness performance and also provide sector and competitorbenchmarking
Mine and analyze large datasets, draw valid inferences andpresent them successfully to management using a reporting tool
Develop predictive models and share insights with the clients asper their requirement
Stakeholder Interaction
Stakeholder Type
Stakeholder Identification
Purpose of Interaction
Internal
Project Manager/ Database Lead
Regular reporting & updates
External
Clients
Client engagement, reviews etc
Display
Lists the competencies required to perform this role effectively:
Functional Competencies/ Skill
Leveraging Technology – Knowledge of current and upcomingtechnology (automation, tools and systems) to build efficiencies andeffectiveness in own function/ Client organization – Expert
Process Excellence - Ability to follow the standards and norms toproduce consistent results, provide effective control and reduction ofrisk – Expert
Technical knowledge – knowledge of various programminglanguages/ software (Python, Microsoft Excel, VBA, Matlab, SQL etc) andtools on data analytics - Expert
Competency Levels
Foundation
Knowledgeable about the competency requirements. Demonstrates (inparts) frequently with minimal support and guidance.
Competent
Consistently demonstrates the full range of the competencywithout guidance. Extends the competency to difficult and unknownsituations as well.
Expert
Applies the competency in all situations and is serves as a guideto others as well.
Master
Coaches others and builds organizational capability in thecompetency area. Serves as a key resource for that competency and isrecognised within the entire organization.
Behavioral Competencies
Formulation &Prioritization
Client centricity
Execution Excellence
Passion for Results
Confidence
Business Acumen
Deliver
No.
Performance Parameter
Measure
1.
Analyses data sets and provide relevant information to the client
No. Of automation done, On-Time Delivery, CSAT score, Zero customerescalation, data accuracy 