Job Location Mason

Job Description
Do you have a passion for solving tough technical challenges? Are you energized by the opportunity to translate insights into actions that improve and deliver products and technologies that make life better? If so, we have a great opportunity for you.
Procter & Gamble’s Beauty Revealed – Analytical Sciences group is seeking a PhD scientist for an open position within the Skin & Personal Care Analytical group located at the Mason Business Center. This group is a strong contributor to the success of well-known brands such as Olay, SK-II, Old Spice, Secret, Native and many more. The successful candidate will join an Analytical Science group where both teamwork and individual initiative are highly valued. The group forms active partnerships with technology and product development teams to support a broad range of products with >$11B in sales. The position is in P&G’s largest innovation center in Mason, OH which fosters a fast-paced, highly collaborative environment demanding strong leadership, communication, and collaboration skills.

Job Qualifications
A PhD in a Chemistry field: Analytical, Bio-Analytical, Physical, Organic, Inorganic, Organometallic, Polymer/Materials, etc.
A curious mindset and a passion for discovering new things
Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to translate data into actionable insights and models, and use those to set and influence technical recommendations
Strong leadership skills and the ability to motivate and guide others
Strong innovation and creative problem-solving skills
Great collaboration skills with people inside and outside of P&G’s Analytical disciplines, and external partners (suppliers, universities, national labs, instrument vendors, etc.)
A desire to work on applied understanding and problem solving
The ability to learn quickly and adapt to changing environments
While not a requirement, experience in modeling, data science and/or digital data activation is desired

The successful candidate will be responsible for:
Leading the Analytical Strategy and guiding innovation programs to enable impactful, timely initiative delivery across a key business area within Beauty
Partnering effectively with multi-functional, multi-disciplinary teams (e.g., Product Development, Technology Development, Products Research, Manufacturing and Packaging) to define and solve key technical problems of value to the business
Implementing and using digital tools and data science to extract insights from our structured database
Delivering method innovation including new and improved methods
Delivering material and product mechanistic understanding
Partnering closely with the Corporate Analytical group to leverage their expertise in delivering business needs
Providing technical coaching/training to others

Just So You Know:
We are committed to providing equal opportunities in employment. We value diversity and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Immigration sponsorship is not available for this position, except in rare situations based on Procter & Gamble's sole discretion. Applicants for U.S. based positions are eligible to work in the U.S. without the need for current or future sponsorship. We do not sponsor for permanent residency. Any exceptions are based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the particular qualifications of the individual.
Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law.
Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Job Schedule Full time

Job Number R000044702

Job Segmentation Experienced Professionals (Job Segmentation) 