Division or Field Office:
Sales & Marketing Division

Department of Position: Strategic Incentvs & Rptg Dept

Work from:
Erie Corporate Office

At Erie Insurance, you’re not just part of a Fortune 500 company; you’re also a valued member of a diverse and inclusive team that includes more than 5,000 employees and over 2,200 independent agencies. Our Employees work in the Home Office complex located in Erie, PA, and in our Field Offices that span 12 states and the District of Columbia. To attract and retain the best talent, we reward our team members with competitive salaries and a very generous benefits package.


Position Summary

Assesses basic information needs, designs studies, analyzes results and delivers key findings in support of business leaders. Plans and manages data and analytics projects of low to moderate complexity and impact to the business.+

Candidates with above minimum qualifications may be considered for a Data & Analytics Specialist II or Senior level. Number of years and scope of experience will determine level.
Duties and Responsibilities

Supports modeling and developing data warehouse programs of low to moderate complexity ensuring business needs are met. Analyzes metrics and supports audit of source data.

Supports the planning, development, modeling, implementation and reporting of all related data.

Assists in identifying short- and long-term data and analytics goals related to business objectives. Measures the effectiveness of the data and analytics strategies in driving performance improvement.

Assists in preparing ad-hoc and recurring reports using appropriate programming languages and software tools. Analyzes financial implications of business decisions and identifies approaches to resolve business problems. Monitors and reports on progress and results as requested.

Analyzes current landscape and trends to assist in planning. Recommends changes to business strategies and tactics as appropriate.

Creates files that include topics related to the industry, competitors, products, service innovations and trends. Works with specialists to develop, communicate and enforce standards for proper documentation and organization of electronic files, data and deliverables.

Conducts special research studies as directed.

The first two duties listed are the functions identified as essential to the job. Essential functions are those job duties that must be performed in order for the job to be accomplished.

This position description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the incumbent. Employees are required to follow any other job-related instruction and to perform any other duties as requested by their supervisor, or as become evident.

Competencies
Values Diversity
Self-Development
Nimble Learning
Collaborates
Customer Focus
Cultivates Innovation
Information Management Skills
Instills Trust
Optimizes Work Processes
Job-Specific Knowledge
Ensures Accountability
Decision Quality
Qualifications

The minimum education and experience requirements are as follows:

Bachelor's degree in Mathematics or related field; or

Bachelor's degree with one year of experience in research, analysis, strategic planning, financial analysis, information systems or related field;

or Associate degree and three years of experience in research, analysis, strategic planning, financial analysis, information systems or related field;

or High school diploma or GED with five years of experience in research, analysis, strategic planning, financial analysis, information systems or related field.

Insurance industry experience preferred. An understanding of analysis and research required. Basic understanding of dataset, programming, querying and reporting design required. Basic understanding of programming with SAS, SQL, SPSS, Python, R, or other related data analysis programs preferred. Understanding of developing, maintaining, and monitoring enterprise data governance policies and standards preferred. Knowledge of statistical and financial analysis and quantitative techniques preferred. Project management experience preferred. Proficiency with word processing, spreadsheet, database, presentation and flow-charting software required. Proficiency with research-specific, statistical report writing software preferred.

Physical Requirements
Lifting 0-20 lbs; Occasional (<20%)
Lifting 20-50 lbs; Occasional (<20%)
Lifting Over 50 lbs; Occasional (<20%)
Driving; Rarely
Pushing/Pulling; Occasional (<20%)
Manual Keying/Data Entry; Often (20-50%)
Climbing; Rarely

Nearest Major Market: Erie 