Interested in a startup experience? We're scaling fast at Zip (YC S2020)! Zip is tackling the $50B+TAM space to transform the way businesses manage spend. We started Zip because we saw the challenges companies had using outdated 20 year old software to manage hundreds of millions of dollars every year. We are a small but mighty team that helped scale category-defining companies like Airbnb, Facebook, Salesforce, Apple, Quora, Pinterest, and Square.

We graduated from YC as part of the S20 batch. We've raised $43 million in Series B funding – led by YC Continuity (Y Combinator) with participation from Tiger Global and CRV – bringing Zip's valuation to $1.2 billion in 18 months. We're growing quickly and need your help: we launched in early 2020 and are growing by 40+% every month. We've most recently been featured on YC Top Companies list!
Your Role

We are looking for a hands on analytics leader who is passionate about transforming how companies transact and manage their B2B spend. You will be a multiplier for scaling Zip's business by providing product insights to leadership at the company.

You Will
Start as a senior individual contributor and transition to managing 2+ people next year
Define & develop metrics used to measure business performance & customer health
Build dashboards to communicate metric trends to Product, Customer Success, Finance, Sales
Architect new business-critical core data models that would be used to power business decisions
Conduct metrics validation and implementation monitoring for regressions
Define requirements for backend and frontend events with the logging schemas
Conduct product analysis and leverage insights to inform and shape team roadmap

Risk Analyst Experience:

Build machine learning, user behavior sequence, anomaly detection models to detect high risk activities like account takeovers, fraud transactions, or high risk entities like fake accounts
Experiment new Zip product features to deter and mitigate risk
Work cross functionally with operations and product teams to define and collect labels for model training, optimize effectiveness of manual review, and build self-satisfiable verifications that scale

Management experience:

You will design effective interviewing processes for the data organization, set a high hiring bar, and onboard new Zippers
You will retain top talent by helping data analysts through career development, coaching, and performance management
Work cross functionally to deeply understand data opportunities in Product, Customer Success, Finance, and Sales. Work with cross-functional leadership to define a data strategy and execute on it to drive top line ARR growth, product adoption, and customer retention
Required Qualifications
Passion for high data quality and scaling data science work
Experience in working with raw and unstructured data and open business/data questions
Proven ability to design analytical solutions to complex business problems and to partner cross-functional peers to tailor those solutions for the greatest possible impact
8+ years of relevant industry experience
Degree in quantitative field
Strong skills in SQL and expert in Python for data analysis
Experience in schema design and dimensional data modeling
Ability to perform basic statistical analysis to inform business decisions
Proven ability to succeed in both collaborative and independent work environments
Strong communication skills both in written and verbal
Detail oriented and expected to learn new skills and tools
Nice to haves
Experience with data systems and tools such as Airflow, Superset, Snowflake
An eye for design with it comes to dashboards and visualization tools
Experiences with logging best practices
Python software development skills preferred
Perks & Benefits

At Zip, we're committed to providing our employees with everything they need to do their best work.

 Start-up equity
 Full health, vision & dental coverage
️ Catered lunches & dinners for SF employees
 Commuter benefit
 Team building events & happy hours
 Unlimited PTO
 Apple equipment plus home office budget
 401k plan

We're looking to hire Zippers and that means hiring people who take ownership, communicate openly, have an underdog mindset, and are excited to increase the pace of innovation for every business in the world. We encourage all candidates to apply even if your experience doesn't exactly match up to our job description. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workspace where everyone (regardless of age, religion, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, and more) feels like they belong. We look forward to hearing from you! 