Summary

Intern position utilized for training an active high school or college student towards an entry level role. Responsibilities vary and are based upon the needs of the area and the experience of the incumbent at the time of employment. This incumbent works under direct supervision and has responsibilities for performing entry-level tasks and for learning professional-level tasks relating to area operations.
Description

Intern position utilized for training an active high school or college student towards an entry-role. Responsibilities vary and are based upon the needs of the area and the experience of the incumbent at the time of employment. This incumbent works under direct supervision and has responsibilities for performing entry-level tasks and for learning professional-level tasks relating to area operations. May assist with the implementation of various activities and programs for assigned business units within the organization.
Participates in business unit/department training designed to help this position acquire applicable knowledge/skills in their area of study. Completes area tasks that are conducive to learning the departmental procedures and applying industry/field best practices. May communicate with other areas of the company. May conduct research and analysis of various reports (monthly, quarterly, annually).
Performs tasks that help in learning the business area and which provide an overall view of company operations. Assist other staff members with everyday tasks in order to gain an understanding of business operations and workflow.
Completes other assigned area related tasks. May identify areas of needed improvement and communicates to management.
Required Education:
High School Diploma or equivalent.
Required Specialized Training:
Must have a minimum of 12 semester hours earned in Finance with a concentration of analystics and must be currently enrolled in college and working towards obtaining at least a 4-year degree in Finance with a concentration in data analytics.
Required Work Experience:
Sales experience
Required Skills and Abilities:
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Analytical or critical thinking skills.
Ability to handle confidential or sensitive information with discretion.
Good planning and multi-tasking skills.
Strong listening skills and the ability to follow directions and ask questions to ensure a productive internship.
Required Software and Tools:
Microsoft Office.
Work Environment:
Typical office environment.
We participate in E-Verify and comply with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
BlueCross BlueShield of South Carolina and our subsidiary companies maintain a continuing policy of nondiscrimination in employment to promote employment opportunities for persons regardless of age, race, color, national origin, sex, religion, veteran status, disability, weight, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other legally protected status. Additionally, as a federal contractor, the company maintains Affirmative Action programs to promote employment opportunities for minorities, females, disabled individuals and veterans. It is our policy to provide equal opportunities in all phases of the employment process and to comply with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.
We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with physical and mental disabilities.
If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please e-mail abilities@bcbssc.com or call 1-800-288-2227, ext. 43172 with the nature of your request. We will make a determination regarding your request for reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis. 