Core Responsibilities:

Develop and maintain models, methodologies and infrastructure to provide quantitative inputs to the algorithmic and systematic trading strategies in Rates
Work across Rates Derivatives quantitative modeling and automated trading strategies in establishing the common grounds and approaches in building new models and execution algorithms
Enrich Rates Derivatives modeling with the latest state-of-the art Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning models, approaches and techniques.
Develop data-driven decision making analytics with demonstrable impact


Essential skills, experience, and qualifications:

PhD, MS or equivalent degree from top tier schools / programs in Mathematics, Mathematical Finance, Statistics, Physics, or Engineering
Excellence in probability theory, numerical analysis and Machine Learning techniques
Strong analytical skills, knowledge of Statistical Learning and its applications to Finance
Strong software development; Python and C++ skills
Preferable: knowledge of Financial Engineering and Rates financial products
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.
We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
The health and safety of our colleagues, candidates, clients and communities has been a top priority in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. JPMorgan Chase was awarded the "WELL Health-Safety Rating" for all of our 6,200 locations globally based on our operational policies, maintenance protocols, stakeholder engagement and emergency plans to address a post-COVID-19 environment.
As a part of our commitment to health and safety, we have implemented various COVID-related health and safety requirements for our workforce. Employees are expected to follow the Firm's current COVID-19 or other infectious disease health and safety requirements, including local requirements. Requirements include sharing information including your vaccine card in the firm's vaccine record tool, and may include mask wearing. Requirements may change in the future with the evolving public health landscape. JPMorgan Chase will consider accommodation requests as required by applicable law.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans 