If you want more than just an assignment and to work with an organization that values your contribution to our growth AND has deployed a proprietary Consultant Appreciation Program (CAP) to continue to support your job search efforts in the future……..Hired by Matrix could be just what you need. We are a distributed organization working with some of the premier Fortune 500 organizations across the US in multiple verticals and disciplines. If you embrace positive culture, a dynamic teaming approach, robust benefits, 401k matching, paid time off, and want more than just your next assignment……..we are a great "Match.”

Hired by Matrix has been providing talent solutions to help organizations enhance team capacity for decades. As a full-service search firm, we have partnered with companies across industries, including Financial Services, Fintech, Consumer Goods and Services, Security and Logistics, Pharmaceutical / Biotech, Technology, Automotive, Engineering, and Healthcare.

Job Description
Develop ad hoc reports to help with data management-related queries.
Analyze reporting environments for data integrity issues.
Provide end-user support for just-in-time training on our reporting capabilities.
Strong data analysis skills and the ability to create visual representations of the information to tell a comprehensive story.
Conduct in-depth analysis of execution data identifying opportunities for improvement, anomalies, trends, and patterns as well as data integrity issues in the organization.
Detailed analysis of assigned business unit assets, services, execution information, and overall data integrity.
Qualification
3 to 5 years experience in reporting and analytics SME.
Tableau and/or PowerBi, ODBC/JDBC, Jira/Jira Align
Solid Agile/safe background with the ability to provide custom reports identifying overall improvement opportunities.
Please submit your resume for consideration. Once submitted, feel free to contact Shweta at 201-535-3603 for additional information.

Approx. Duration:

About Hired by Matrix

Hired by Matrix, Inc. founded in 1986, is a certified Woman-Owned Business Enterprise (WBE) dedicated to providing the highest quality of job opportunities to our candidates and staffing services to our clients. We are a full-service staffing firm with experience recruiting and delivering for IT, Accounting & Finance, Administrative & Clerical, Clinical & Scientific, and Marketing disciplines. Our long history in the staffing industry and dedication to excellence are the key differentiators that have fueled our success for over 30 years.

Hired by Matrix offers our contract professionals competitive salaries, benefits after 60 days and a 401k option with a company match after one year.
Equal Opportunity Employer
WBENC Certified
WOSB Certified

We work hard to match our candidates with the right career opportunities. Let us find you a #MatrixMatch so you can reach your career goals!

Connect with us on LinkedIn and see how we can impact your career!

Hired by Matrix Career Center: https://www.hiredbymatrix.com/find-work/open-positions/ 